Hello Team, Please concerning the slack invitations, The support team just confirmed that it was only sent to the May session students and those after. So for those that didn't receive, its because your session started before May.
Please kindly remind all your students from May session to please accept the invitation.
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we would be observing the June Holiday tomorrow. Classes will resume on Thursdy the th of June, . Please note that the Hackerspace will be locked on Wednesday. Also, to mark the Muslim Holidays coming up on the th and th of June, , We will be closing on Monday and Tuesday the th and th of June, . The Hackerspace will also be locked during this period. All classes will resume back on Wednesday, the th of June, . Please note that all classes for this Saturday the th of June, will hold. Thank you GOMYCODE
Eid Mubarak to our Muslim instructors. Have a blast.
Hello, everyone. Please, for those who haven't sent their invoices yet, please remember to do so for May-June at the latest today. Thank you
Good morning ma, noted
Hello Instructors, Happy new month. I hope your day is going well. This is an update about the salary for June. We are experiencing a lot of errors with the payment slips. There is a new rule that there will no longer be payment exceptions from the month of July. This implies that if your makeup or extra class is not captured on the rescheduled platform, payment won't be captured. So it's important to send an email at least days before an extra class is scheduled. We are thereby trying to make sure that all errors are addressed. We are working on this at the moment. Payments will be made by tomorrow. Kindly exercise some patience. Thank you.
*DEMO DAY* Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the th of July, . ( weeks from now). As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
It'll be a challenge... Most Part time students chose part time because they usually don't have time during the weekdays... Having their demo on a weekday is already guaranteed to yield low participation.
We have always had our Demo Day Events on Fridays Historically. So we'ld work with those available
Alright
*INSTRUCTOR'S MEET-UP* Hello All, I hope your day is starting well. This is to announce our Instructor's meeting date for the second part of the year. The event will be next Friday, the th of July, . It is an Event for all FT and PT instructors. Kindly fill out the Google form below to enable us to plan refreshments according to the attendance. Please note that the event is a very important one. All questions and pending inquiries will be addressed. Also, latest updates will be shared to keep us all abreast with the organization's plans and goals. It would also be a time to catch up and network with other instructors and have a get-together event as well. We urge all instructors to please plan to attend. Thank you.
It says i need permission
Please check now
*INCREASED NUMBER OF DAMAGED CHAIRS* Hello Instructors, It has come to our notice that students are continuously damaging our chairs and the instructors do not report the incident. They destroy the chairs and complain to us that the chairs are bad. You need to let these students know that henceforth if they damage our chairs, they will be held responsible. Please communicate with your students on all platforms. Going forward, the instructors should take the responsibility of correcting them when they slouch on the chairs or sit carelessly. Please flag all cases of damages immediately. You all need to be concerned enough to protect company property and if the students are being recalcitrant, the instructors should call the attention of the HSM to the situation. And I will take this up. Please kindly treat this as urgent. Thank you.
Thank you for the information @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ Hi everyone, how are you doing? So excited to inform you about my new tech company Blurp Space 💃🏻🕺🏻 It is a multi vendor ecommerce site where you can upload your products for FREE as a Vendor or earn by selling other people's products from home or anywhere as an Affiliate.💸💵 If you are interested, here are my company’s social media handles: *Follow any one that connects to you more.👇🏾 Click, like, follow, subscribe to any or all the socials, depending on which one you use frequently.❤️❤️ *(If you are interested, please feel free to ask all the questions you have in mind in the comment section and retweet or reshare to anyone you feel this might help)*
Nice, we will check it out and give you feedback. Kudos and keep pushing.💯
It's Fried rice and Chicken me I want😂, I don't want to network 🫣😂😂.
Forwarded to all the culprits(students) I know😌.
Thank Daniel
Really do appreciate it
Good morning all, Concerning the Instructor's meet-up coming up this Friday, so far only people have registered. Please register if you know you haven't done so. Registration is important for attendance. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. I'm yet to receive the names of your graduated students ready to present their projects for Demo Day. Please kindly send in the names of your students by the latest tomorrow. Thank you.
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going well. This is a final message about registering for the instructors meet-up event. Like earlier explained, the number of registered instructors will help with planning. It is an important event for all instructors and registeration is important for attendance. I can only cater for those who register. Also, according to the polls, more instructors are comfortable with noon than pm. Therefore, the event will be for noon on Friday. Its for hours maximum. Kindly prepare to attend. Thank you.
Hello Instructors, Here is a quick reminder about our meet up event today at noon Please plan yo arrive early. And please confirm your availability with me in a private chat again this morning. Thank you.
Only people have confirmed availability. Please kindly confirm to help us plan properly
Done
My apologies for my late response. I was only able to reschedule my meeting this morning
Steps to clear cache: . Right-click anywhere on the platform . Click the last option "Inspect" . A window will open to the right, click on the " >>" button, you'll see a drop down, then click on Applications. . Scroll down to clear site data. . Click on Ctrl + Shift +R to refresh.
learn.gomycode.co
Hello All. I hope your day is going well. Please be reminded to always mark your attendance hrs into your classes. Aside from missing your pay for unmarked classes, you are always flagged weekly when you miss your attendance, Please it doesn't take anything to mark your attendance. Please always prioritize this. Thank you
Hello All, Please Send your Demo-Day-Presenting Students to come and present for selection latest tomorrow. Please kindly treat as urgent
Hi good afternoon all, 😊. Will the newly adjusted minimum wage affect GMC as it will to other private firms as Stated by the organized private sector labour. How will it be implemented? And when? @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ pls don’t air me😓
👍Seconded 😀
Hello All. I hope your day is going well. Please send in your invoice for June st-July th. We are behind time already. Please treat as urgent. Thank you
Noted.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please encourage your students to come for the Demo Day Event this Friday. I know most of them are off on Fridays but please encourage them to see the importance of attending to prepare them ahead for their own turn. I count on you to push this. At least for those not working full time. Thank you.
What time will it be starting?
pm to pm
👍
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. The UX/UI Designers on our Central Team are currently conducting research on a new feature we are developing. We need you to please share the link below with your students to help us with their feedback. I count on you to please push this. Thank you.
Okay, will do
Good evening
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. This information is concerning the proposed Protest slated to take place on Thursday, the st of August. To be safe, all classes for Thursday will be held online, as the Hackerspace will be closed for Safety. If by Friday there are no protests, all classes will resume back by the weekend. Please kindly take note and help inform your students. We have also shared the information on their Telegram group. We count on you to help get this across. Let's all be safe. Thank you.
We pray for peace. Thank you for taking this safety measure
Amen
Hello All, I hope your day is going well and we are all keeping safe. Please for those expected to have classes online today (FT), kindly send me a screenshot of your classes held online and mark your attendance. Please treat as urgent
Good morning Temitayo... Any info on the weekend classes??
Hello Ikenna, We will communicate at or before the close of business today. In the meantime, there is no decision regarding that yet.
Okay
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. This is an update concerning the ongoing Nationwide Protest. *To be safe, all PT classes for this weekend (Saturday and Sunday) will be held online, as the Hackerspace will be closed for Safety*. *Please all instructors should create a meeting link and share it with me and all your students*. *A screenshot should also be taken to capture attendance and share with me*. The link and screenshots will determine if attendance will be marked as a successful class. Please encourage your students to attend as the class will not be replaced if they don't turn up. All new sessions for this weekend have been moved up to next weekend, the th of August, . All instructors to take the new sessions, please take note. Please assist in informing your students via your various groups. We have also shared the information on their Telegram group. We count on you to help get this across. Let's all be safe. Thank you.
Thank you very much for the update @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩. I think having the classes online may be very challenging due to bad internet network service lately. I don’t know if this is peculiar to my area or it’s a general issue .
It's general
My students already pointed this out
This is noted. Please, if you attempt to have your class and it doesn't work within the first hour, please notify me so we can reschedule the class. But please do not mark the attendance for such class. Thank you.
In addition to this concern, I am not sure of a service that provides up to hours of free Video call meeting time.
Multiple links would work for this...
Hello Triumph, Use Google Meet. And As Ikenna mentioned. Try that too
Good morning All. Only instructors ha e shared their links with me. Please create your links with me and your students as well. Please treat as Urgent
I will, these has been noted.
Okay will do
Good Afternoon
All done
Please All, kindly confirm if your network situation was/is good enough for your classes?
Confirmed
my network is active
I have forwarded a screenshot via email to you.
Not bad though a couple of student have it worse
Hi Temitayo, students are complaining about the network
I dont think it is a network issue because my network is crystal clear and some other students joined in
The students complaining are those who are in noisy environments, and I just spoke to them to find somewhere quiet
A lot of people generally are experiencing network issues and this has been the case since Thursday. If your attendance is less than %, you may need to reschedule
Good All, Please kindly note that the hackerspace will be open for classes tomorrow since the virtual classes didn't work today because of the bad Internet. Besides, I noticed there were vehicular movements in Yaba today. So please, for those that have classes tomorrow, the hackerspace will be open. Thank you.
All new sessions are still resuming next week
Please let's help to inform our students so they can come in tomorrow. Thank you.
@⁨~Daniandre⁩ She said to inform the students that class will resume tomorrow. 👍🏾✅
I think this was meant for Sunday's class. But thanks still...
Hello All, For clarity, classes are to resume physically tomorrow .
Good Afternoon All, And Happy Sunday. Its important that all instructors should be onboarded on Slack. This helps you report issues faster and more reliably. The following instructors should please confirm if you have logged into slack successfully. Please kindly treat as urgent: Yakub Ibrahim Adam Veronica Peter Triumphant Adiga Taofeek Olawoye Stephen Akintola Saviour John Samuel Momoh Philip Owoju Oluwafemi Adeleye Olukayode Ogunnaike Olatunde Jaiyeola Olabode Oduwole OJIAKU DANIEL DANIEL ARINZE NA OJIAKU DANIEL ARINZE NA FT Obinna Oliseneku Micheal Olomu Kingsley Ifeanyi Kehinde Oyedepo Jacob Ojumu Israel Iroegbu Ikenna Enyidede Husseini Mudi Husseini Mudi Funto Oladipupo Babatunde Olanrewaju Adams Bolaji Aaron Ugede Chukwuebuka Felix
Adams Bolaji ✅
Good Afternoon Samuel Momoh: Logged in successfully ✅
Kingsley Ifeanyi ✅
Adiga Triumphant ✅
Good afternoon, Olabode Oduwole ✅ Thank you.
Veronica Peter✅
Obinna Oliseneku ✅
Akintola Stephen ✅
Jacob Ojumu ✅
Micheal Olomu ✅
Olatunde Jaiyeola logged in ✅
Logged in
Login in
I have for the past weeks
Logged in
Hello Dele, trust your family is doing fine. My organisation is currently recruiting for a Full-Stack Developer. Can you recommend a candidate looking for a job in this line? Based in Abuja, Male or Female
Hello everyone. Please recommend via dm
Saviour John ✅
Good morning, All. I hope your day is starting well. Please, I am in need of Artificial intelligence and Generative Ai instructors. (The difference is that the latter is a tool/app based engineer). I also need Tech for business, ISTQB and Unity Game instructors. Please send me a referral if you know anyone. Thank you.
Hello All. I hope your day is going well. Please send in your invoice for June st-July th, today. Please treat this as urgent. Thank you
Good Morning Temitayo Sent
Spread the good news. This is our students startup 👍
Nice
Good afternoon, please who does IAM?
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please inform your students to join the Slack channel. Especially the new ones. Please treat as urgent. Thank you.
Noted
Hello everyone, please I need recommendations for a good cybersecurity instructor in Ikeja hackerspace...thank you 🙏🏽
*DEMO DAY EVENT SEPTEMBER* Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the th of September, . (About weeks from now). As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
*FUN DAY EVENT SEPTEMBER* Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going well. This is to announce our Funday/ Social Event coming up this Friday, the th of September, . The time for the event is noon to pm. We need students who can bring their PS or PS device. Please help communicate the event to your students and please reach out to me if there is any student who can borrow us a PS device for the event. We will have other fun events available at the space with light refreshment just to unwind and network with ourselves. Please help communicate with your students. Thank you.
Hello All, please share this Telegram link with your students that are yet to join. Thank you.
Done
BREAKING: FG declares Monday Eid-ul-Mawlid holiday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ any updates on this. Thank you
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we will be observing the Muslim Holiday on Monday, the th of September, . Classes will resume on Tuesday the th of September, . Just so you know, the Hackerspace will be locked on Monday. All classes for this Sunday the th of September, will be held. Thank you GOMYCODE
*PANEL DISCUSSION EVENT SEPTEMBER* Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going well. This is to announce our event coming up on the st of September, . It is an Educative Panel Discussion Session tagged: AI and my career progression. We would have Panelists for top-tier companies come in to speak with us about this part of tech and how you can key into it. We encourage you all to attend and speak to your students about attending the event. We hope to see you there Gomycode
Will do
Hello All. I hope your day is going well. Please send in your invoice for August st-September th, today. Please treat this as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, Please Im in need of someone who can take AI and Generative AI courses. Please send me referrals privately. Thank you
Hello everyone. Please I need recommendations for someone available for Intro to Web (html, css, JavaScript) in Ikeja HS, Sunday -pm. It’s kinda urgent to start next month🙏🏽
Hello All, Please prepare your students presenting for Demo day for this Friday. Please tell them to come for screening between Moday and Tuesday, We are a bit behind the time. Please treat as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, I hope tour day is starting right. Please here is a reminder to send in your students to present their projects for Demo day coming up this Friday. Also, please inform them about the Generative AI event happening on Saturday. We will be having external speakers at the hackerspace. Please encourage them to attend. Thank you.
Hello All, Good morning. Please help invite your students for the Generative AI event holding this Saturday at pm. We are inviting speakers and we need the turn out to be encouraging. Please share the link for them to register: Generative AI Event LInk (Saturday th of September): The link to register for Demo Day (Friday, the th of September) : Thanks
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we will be observing the Independence Day Holiday tomorrow, the st of October, . Classes will resume on Wednesday the nd of October, . Just so you know, the Hackerspace will be locked tomorrow. Thank you GOMYCODE
*DEMO DAY* Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the th of October, . ( days from now). As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
Hello All, Good morning. I'm yet to get the names of the students presenting for Demo Day from you all. Please kindly treat this as urgent today. We only have one more week to the event. Thank you.
Good morning everyone. Please I need recommendations for a fulltime data science instructor for our Ikeja HS. Thank you very much in anticipation 🙏🏽
Hello All, Good morning. I'm yet to receive the names of your students presenting for the Demo Day Event from most of you. Please send in the names of your presenting students this morning, we are only days away to the event
Hello All. Please send in your invoice for September st- October th, today. Please treat this as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, Please note that for all the graduates presenting on Demo day, They won't present if they dont show their project to me. So it's of utmost importance that they come in before the main day. Please communicate with your students
Oga check your dm
Good morning everybody. I’m looking for a full time Data Science instructor at Ikeja hackerspace. Please if you know someone very good please recommend. It’s urgent 🙏🏽
GOMYCODE ALL HANDS - WIDE COMPANY nov. : PM Tunis Code secret : Outline: Bucket : Celebrate people and accomplishments (% of time) a. New hires: b. Anniversaries: c. Kudos: d. Values: e. Accomplishments: Bucket : Drive alignment around mission, strategy and priorities (%of time) a. Start with Why: b. Strategy: c. Initiatives: Bucket : Provide a forum to ask and answer questions (%) a. Answer pre-asked questions: b. Impromptu Q&A: Part : Wrapping Up When Thursday Nov , ⋅ pm – :pm (Central European Standard Time - Tunis) Location CHANGED View map Organizer Yahya Bouhlel
Hello All, Please be informed that we are having a global meeting today with the whole of the GOMYCODE team organized by the CEO. Please endeavor to join the meeting if you're not having classes at pm today. Here is the link to join above. Thank you.
How about those having class. Should we stop the class to join the meeting?
That's why I mentioned that you can join if you're not having a class. You can, however, join to listen on headphones if you can.
Updated link
This link
please send updated link
It will be shared in a few minutes
*DEMO DAY* Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the th of November, . As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
Hello everyone, does anyone have a Google play console account? Please DM me.
Hello All, Please kindly note that you are to send any student whose name doesn't appear on your platform to the admin floor to sort their payment issues. Such students are not allowed in the class. Please communicate this to them. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please I need your recommendation for your graduated students who we can refer for internship programs. The company requesting wants outstanding students in Software Dev, Data Science and Web Development. Please send their names to me before or after the close of business today. Thank you.
We also need UX/UI students for internship please kindly refer @⁨~Sage-Iyke⁩ @⁨~Jaiye⁩ and co. THank you
Okay
Hello All, I hope your weekend is going well. Please note that most of your students presenting on Demo day next week have yet to present their projects to us. Please ensure they come in to present before Tuesday next week to secure a slot. I'm available at the hackerspace this weekend if they'd like to come in this weekend to present.
Hello All, Please send in your invoice today unfailingly if you have yet to do so. Today is the deadline for the collation. Please treat this as urgent.
Good morning all. Graphics design instructor, we have a new student looking for your class. Kindly indicate 👍
👍
Hello Philip, there's a position for social media internship, do you have any student you can recommend?
Yes i do but it depends on the budget
Because the real effect process of Digital marketing or social media management , the one that comes with the clients getting ROI
It comes with a lot of work and expertise which requires a good budget or a company ready to value them, even if it is internship - Is the pay subjected to grow? - Does the work and the pay balance each other?
All those stuffs, once i get a feedback, i will know exactly who to refer
I think you can refer any of your past student who is willing to learn and gain experience. Internship is a learning on the job opportunities.
No please don't say that because you could have asked the previous experienced where students reached out to me feeling upset that I referred them to Jobs that did not match their skills
I know it's for opportunities
And I am not saying I am in control, obviously I am not But I believe the team has their contact lists
All I am saying is if I am to specifically refer, I need to understand the calibre of pay structure and extent to work to know exactly what calibre of students I refer I don't believe that's too much to ask
) There is a internship opportunity , this is the budget🤷🏻‍♂️ ) We are looking for newbies but this is the job description and the extent to work Now this will guide me on exactly who fits into this position
Hello Philip, I understand where you're coming from. Although someone else has been given the position already. It was a contract job and they needed an entry level personnel. The pay structure was open for negotiations based on experience( months to year or more). And this was not a Gomycode offer.
Ok
I will give uou a list of all my students tomorrow Past and present
Does that work?
Also, when the position says "intern", you should know it's for those who just concluded their learning phase and are looking to gain hands on experience. Oseni was just trying to point that out. Most students usually just want to get the experience first.
I'm also an instructor, this request was from one of my clients, not from Gomycode.
Hey please let's be guided I am being respectful, of course I know what internship means but you experience what you experience with your students and I do And I cannot come and tell you what is expected of your students and you shouldn't do that as well, why? Because we both understand the extent to what they are capable of
Now you don't know that even my existing newly graduated students most of them are very experienced
Lol you don't know that
You don't also know most of them have ever +years of experience
You don't know that
So please let's just be guided about things like these
No problems chief. Stay safe
So we don't come off as something else
No probs
I will share a list tomorrow
Thank uou
You*
Hello All, I hope this mail finds you well. This is to inform you all that we will be closing for the year. We would be observing the holidays during the Yuletide season. The last classes will be held this weekend on the nd of December, . All part time classes would be held this weekend. The hackerspace will be closed from the rd of December, till Monday, the th of January, . All classes will resume on the th of Janury, . We wish you a wonderful Yuletide season. Warm regards. GOMYCODE
Hello All, Please send your invoice for Nov/Dec Salary. Please treat this as very urgent as any delay will result to paying after the month end. Please kindly prioritize this so we can wrap up this week. Thank you
Deadline?
Today
Are we to include Saturday and Sunday classes into the invoice?
No please. The cycle is st of Nov to th of Dec. So all invoices can be sent today. Excluding this weekend
done
This implies that part time students would resume theirs on the th of January.
Correct
Merry Christmas everyone 🎊🍾
Merry Christmas everyone
Happy New Year 🎉 to everyone. Wishing you more prosperity, good health and productive . 🥰👍👑👔
Hello All, Happy New Year to everyone. As for those taking new classes for the January session, the session resumes next week Saturday. The th of January Welcome to a new session 🎉
Another year, another work cycle... Hopefully, Gomycode will remember to give us something at the end of it.
Hello All, Good evening. I hope your day was productive. Please this is to inform you that our January session that was planned to start tomorrow, the th, has been postponed by a week. To resume on the th and th of January, while full-time classes, on the th of January. This will affect all courses, both part and full time. I have sent a mail to all affected instructors, but this is to further inform you all. Thank you.
It’s a wrap😌
*DEMO DAY* Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the st of January, . As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
Hello All, Please send your invoice for Dec/Jan Salary. Please treat this as very urgent as any delay will result to paying after the month end. Please kindly prioritize this so we can wrap up on time. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. As we all know, marking your attendance is how your payment is accumulated on the paycheck. Please note that a lot of you have always defaulted on marking your attendance even when you know that's how you get paid. We have commenced a policy of deduction for those instructors finding it hard to adhere to the rule. Please note that I will not be reminding anyone going forward if you don't mark your attendance and the team cancels the session which directly translates to a "no-pay" for that day. I would urge everyone to mark their attendance at most hours into the class to avoid issues with forgetting. Thank you
Good evening everyone , I hope the marathon road closure won’t affect movements tomorrow?
Hello Jaiye, Good evening. There are usually alternative routes during the marathon, so the classes will still hold. Thank you for bringing it up.
Hello All, Please kindly be reminded that all forgotten attendance, not marked, will be cancelled and payment will not be made for cancelled sessions. Please do well to always mark your attendance hrs into your class, as there will be no excuse when they get cancelled. Please kindly treat this with utmost importance. Thank you.
Please kindly explain how this is implemented. Are we going to be having classes some days of the week or classes hold for both morning and afternoon session for same cohort.
Yes Please Husseini, New Morning slots are now going to be held only three times a week, on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, and the new Afternoon slots are now held on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesday afternoons
Hello All, Please send your invoice for Jan/Feb Salary. Please treat this as urgent. The collation closes tomorrow. Payment includes st of Jan to th of Feb for PT instructors taking PT courses and till today th of February for those taking FT courses as PT. Thank you
I’m loving the new checkpoint AI marker 😎
Sharp, I will check it out tomorrow
lol just get ready, AI is ready to take jobs
be loving it
They are already doing our jobs for us
AI can only take the jobs of people who can’t use the AI itself.
It’s meant to make the jobs easier, there are places I had to step in and remark . Embrace AI 😁
lol yeah it does make it easier no doubt but you don't get my point?
its cool and all that you get?
But then...even using it ...
its not bad oo no doubt but, its a dicy game
do you get?
lol i embrace it, im not saying its bad
okay for instance asides what makes us stand out obviously, we can create a unique software or website or an App that AI can replicate but not get it as good as the human intelligence yeah? Thats a given, we can even make use of it to give bad ass features and all, but slowly I feel people will start depending on it so fully that laziness comes in
creativity drops
I do actually but know this, whatever AI is or will become . It is still a software program at the end of the day . It still needs the humanware .
because "AI Makes things easy", you get? Then companies will start employing less people because AI can do % after the machine learning phase is crossed, I don't know sha just my opinion
yeeeeah true sha
true
No doubt, it’s still all part of human evolution in the end and the input of human will never phase out . Remember phones and areoplanes didn’t exist at some point. It does now and it makes communication and transportation easier. Ofc it phase out some old job yet it ushered in new ones . It’s our responsibility to ensure we stay ahead .
I can't really see the context where AI will replace tech persons, not in teaching or working. Like @⁨~Jaiye⁩ stated, it's only those who can't utilize it that would phase out. In every work context even non tech related, they've been tools that facilitates the ease of job execution hence, promoting efficiency and effective.
Even this AI, if you've used it to solve certain problems in your tech field, you'd realize that, it provides inaccurate codes or solutions sometimes
Oh yeah i believe its been clarified by @⁨~Jaiye⁩ and there's been an agreement
lol its still processing nau
i guess thats where the machine learning comes in, abi am I wrong
Point is it needs supervision to ensure or guarantee expected outcome of result
Actually yes. I think it's overwhelmed by information too as some times there are contradicting or outdated solutions to problems
Yah
Good Morning Guys, Checking the AI thing now and I must say- you guys said nothing about what I'm currently experiencing, lol The AI's current implementation is frustratingly slow and disruptive. It prevents us from grading until it's finished, which is a major inefficiency. I think we need a solution where the AI doesn't interfere with our normal grading process and operates silently in the background.
Lol yeah we were talking about AI generally
Good morning, I just thought they're probably working on it. As this is probably a beta version.
Beta version wey dey disrupt work flow like this? nahhhhh Them no plan this thing well.
They should pause it first
LoL well true. I just checked it out today as I tried assessing some check points, let's just say I'm doing something else now as it disrupted the morale I went there with
Hello guys, can anyone confirm if the AI OTO is available to thier students? Apparently the OTO are not available to the DA students.
Hello All, please note that this is a quick update for the instructors having classes this morning. We are experiencing a minor issue regarding topping up the gen. The issue is being addressed at the moment. Power will be restored soon. Please pacify and manage your students. Thank you.
*DEMO DAY* Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. This is to notify you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening on Friday, the th of March, . As we always do, I'd like you to please send me a list of students who have exceptional projects so they can present. These students are also expected to come to the hackerspace to present to the management before the Event. Please, kindly send in your students' names by the close of business tomorrow at most. This is to help us plan adequately. This applies to both FT and PT Instructors and Students. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. A member of the support team sent a mail with several reminders to the instructors, requesting feedback concerning the AI marking scheme just introduced. Your feedback will help us kick this off properly and understand the challenges. Kindly fill the form above. Thank you
Good morning Temitayo, my students are complaining that they get logged out anytime they are attempting online OTO . This happened after I’d already given my feedback . I hope it’s noted .
A student is having same issue. Logged out before he exhausted the time
Hello @⁨~Triumph⁩ and @⁨~Jaiye⁩ please full the feedback sheet on the link I shared yesterday. This will give the team in charge a direct access to these issues you've listed here. Please let me know when you've filled it so I can refer to the form. Please this applies to other instructors who have yet to fill the feedback sheet. Thank you
Hello @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ I was going through my tax returns and noticed the Employer-filled returns (Annual) page is empty.
Hello Ikenna, We have remitted all tax till date. It is not linked to the platform but we send payment notifications whenever we make payments. You can contact our accountant if you haven't been receiving notificationshaven't
Hello All, Please send your invoice for Feb/March Salary. Please treat this as urgent. The collation closes on the nd. Payment includes st of Feb to th of Marchfor PT instructors taking PT courses and till today th of March for those taking FT courses as PT. Thank you
Dear instructors! 🌟 We’ve got game-changing news for you! From now on, Face-to-Face OTOs are history it’s all about automated / online OTOs, verified by AI! 🤖✨ That means less manual work for you and a smoother experience for students. But wait, there’s more! 🎉 AI is now your co-pilot for checkpoint corrections! 🚀 It’ll help evaluate student submissions, but you’re still in control you can review, tweak, and finalize the corrections as needed. No stress, just efficiency! 💡 Here’s how it all works: 📢 One small but important thing: Remind your students to double-check their submission links they need to make sure their work is actually there AND that they’ve set access to "Anyone with the link." No more hidden masterpieces! ✨ Get ready for a faster, smarter, and way more fun way of handling OTOs & checkpoints! 🚀 If you have any questions, we’re here for you. Let’s do this! 🔥 Best,
Thank you
Good to hear this, a lot of my students have complained of issues during online OTO like automatically submitting before completion .
So, the instructor can actually edit the Ai grade and score manually
Hello All, Please here is a final reminder about the importance of marking your attendance. Classes not marked after the class would be cancelled. And there will be no payment for such class. Please take note
Noted now📌📌
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going well. This is to announce that we have moved the March Demo Day Event to Start on the th of April. For those of your students who haven't shown the management their projects please ask them to do so this week and at most the next. Thank you.
Hello Everyone, Good morning. Here is to announce to you that classes will be held this weekend at our Hackerspace. However, we'll be observing the holidays on Monday and Tuesday (st of March and st of April) to resume back on Wednesday. The hackerspace will be closed on Monday and Tuesday as well.. Thank you
Hello Everyone, Here is to announce to you that classes will be held this weekend at our Hackerspace. However, we'll be observing the holidays on Monday and Tuesday (st of March and st of April) to resume back on Wednesday. The hackerspace will be closed on Monday and Tuesday as well. Because the Eid day is still uncertain, Please note the following: If Eid is on Sunday, March th: The hackerspace will be closed and there will be no classes on Sunday, March th to resume on Wednesday the nd of April, . If Eid is on Monday, March st: Classes will be held tomorrow Sunday the th and we'll observe the holiday on Monday and Tuesday Thank you
Hello Temitayo Good Morning
So I just confirmed Eid is today does this mean we don't have classes?
Good day
I am co-asking @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩
Following through with the message I had to tell the students not to come in because I confirmed from a Muslim in the class that today's Eid
So they don't come to the office and still go back
Hello All, Good morning. Yes, if today is Eid, we would not be having classes. For the sake of those who are available to have theirs, the space will be open.
So I will reach out to them for an agreed date for a makeup class
Please have in mind that we don't replace holidays. Missed classes can be covered up without an actual class. And if need be at the end of the course, we'll add it by days and not weeks.
Are you referring to part time or full time when it comes to missed classes not being covered up with actual classes? Because, I would speak for myself I don't think this may be easy for part time classes being that there is a lot to cover, inclusive of projects and having to wait to see of there is a need for it to engage in email confirmation process during the conclusion of a Cohort might be a little bit intense So I will please like to know if this applies to part time as well
This applies to both FT and PT. This rule has been around for now. You can't apply for extra classes until the end of the class. And it's if it's necessary.
Good morning, following this conversation, this was what I did I believe @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ . I applied for the missed classes as an extra class after the regular session.
Good evening all. Here is an update about the salaries for our PT instructors. The holidays affected processing the payment. We apologise for the inconvenience. The payment would be processed on or before this Friday unfailingly👌🏽
Hello All, Please Here is a kind reminder to send in your students presenting for Demo day to come to the hackerspace to share their projects with the management. Please treat this as urgent. The Demo Day event is to take place next Friday on the th of April.
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ Great human, great manager. Fearless, accommodating, excellent spirit and angelic. Summarily, today is about you. Cheers🎂🍻🍷
Thank you So much Babs
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ . Wish you an everlasting joy and fulfillment . We should have started eating cake from yesterday .
Hello birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩. I wish you many happy returns.
Thank you, Thank you🙏🏽🙏🏽
Happy Birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩. Wishing you a prosperous year✨✨✨
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩more grace and blessings
happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ wishing you long life and prosperity in good health.
Happy birthday to you🎉🎉 @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ . Wishing you the best in your new year. It’s gonna be your best year yet. Have a great one 🫶🏽.
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ my Oga 🙌🏾. May lines fall in pleasant places for you Keep being amazing 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ 🎈 your new age is blessed cheers 🥂 to more life ❣️
Happy Birthday Oga mi @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ . Have an amazing year ahead 🎉
Thank you all so much for the well wishes🙏🏽
@⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ wow! I never knew today is your day. Happy Birthday, More blessings.
Happy Birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ 🎉🎉 Hope your day is filled with love, smiles, and sweet moments. 🎂✨ Wishing you joy, laughter, and all the good things today and always. 🎉
Happy Birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ . Wishing you the most awesome birthday today and always. Have a good one
Gracias 🙏🏽
Happy birthday to you @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩. Your new age is blessed! Wishing you a beautiful celebration
Birthday blessings @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ Mor Grace IJN✨
Happy birthday @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩!! 🥳🎂🎂 Wish you many more happy years ✨
Good morning everyone. Thank you so much for the outpour of love shown by all yesterday. I appreciate it. May we all have reasons to be celebrated always. God bless you all and have a blessed day ahead 😊
Hello Everyone, Here is to announce to you that we would be observing the Good Friday Holiday tomorrow, the th of April, Eater Sunday on the th of April, And Easter Monday the st of April. This implies that we would have classes on Saturday the th of April. The hackerspace will be closed on Friday, Sunday and Monday. All classes will fully resume on Tuesday, the nd of April. . We wish you a beautiful Easter Celebration/ Holiday ahead. Regards
Saturday instructors are never gonna catch a break 🤣
Hello All, Please is a reminder to send in your invoice for st March to th April, if you haven't done so. Please, this closes tomorrow. Please treat it as urgent. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. This is to inform us that we would be observing the May st holiday tomorrow Thursday. Please note that the hackerspace will be locked and all classes will resume on Friday, the nd of May. . Thank you. Have a wonderful holiday.
Good morning. Laptop for sale: Samsung - Galaxy Book Pro -in- .” AMOLED Touch Screen Laptop - Intel th Gen Evo Core i - GB DDR Memory – TB SSD - Silver
Asking price N,
Pardon me for spamming. Good morning
Let's chat you can sell on my website
Sold, thanks 🙏
Wow so fast , @⁨Philip Digital Marketing⁩ is this your doings ?
Omo eh Going through the site and am just getting some cool inspiration 😌
Hello All, I hope your day was productive. This is to drop an update about the unpaid PT salaries. The payment was meant to go through today but we had some setbacks because of our accountant who put to bed yesterday, just at the time of processing the payments. And the processing wasn't processed before the disruption. And all efforts to step in today proved abortive. I assure that the payments will go through by Monday. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. Please bear with us. Thank you
Congratulations to her
No problem
Problem dey oh 😂😂😂 But no problem 🥲
Congratulations to her and her family ma 🤩🤩🤩
Thank you 🙏🏽
That's not an issue Congratulations to her
Good evening, pls a student forgot her laptop charger is there a way it can be secured for her?
Sorted
Good evening
I thought we were getting paid today??
Lol it is well
This is a recurrent problem that happens almost every month (allegedly)
As tech professionals, it is imperative we come together to tackle this challenge. It could be an auto-payment platform that scrutinizes invoices and makes payments on behalf of our company. This will prevent manual vetting and transfers
Hello! We're in Nigeria
Lol being in Nigeria doesn’t equate to accepting underdevelopment. The world is advancing, if Nigeria refuses to embrace advancement, individuals should embrace it
SMH. I'm implying it's not a capacity issue. For a lot of firms in Nigeria, accountants just do their things the way they want it done. I understand that this case might be different as @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ gave a reason
I’m not certain you’re understanding my stance
Good evening All. Please kindly be informed that the salaries are being paid already. Some may have received by now. For those who haven't, please be patient, the payments will drop today. We apologise for the delays experienced. Thank you.
soft
//, : - + : MacBook SSD for sale with screen issue.
Good Evening guys
Can the data analysis instructor send me a Dm please
Good afternoon All. Please im in need of a Generative Ai instructor. Please refer the person to me by sending me a dm directly. Thank you
Hello everyone - especially the Data and Python guys I've put together a GitHub repository filled with Data Science learning resources — covering SQL, Python, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and AI, among others which you may find useful. You'll find mainly explanatory Jupyter notebooks with commented code and practice questions. The materials are organized into topic-based folders to make navigation easy.
Hello All, Im yet to get the names of the students presenting on Demo day. Please kindly treat this as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day was productive. Please for those who have yet to send their invoice, please do so for the current payment cycle: st April to th May. This closes tomorrow. Please kindly treat it as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Im yet to get the names of students presenting for Demo day and the event is this Friday. For those that have sent in names, your students have not presented yet. Please treat this as urgent. As we are already behind time. Thank you.
For those who have not been informing their students about Demo day, please going forward you are expected to explain the importance of presenting their project after graduation. The winner gets a k voucher. Most instructors are not driving this. Please instructors, take note.
Please, is their holiday tomorrow 😁
Actuallyyyyy
What time is the Demo... I have students who want to attend in preparation for theirs
Good morning All, Kindly inform your students. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day has been productive. This is to announce that the Demo Day event slated for tomorrow, Friday the th of May has been postponed. There was no student for the event. This is not good at all. We will be having a meeting next week Saturday on the importance of pushing Demo Day event to your students. The negative turn out is because most instructors have trivilalised it and communicated that it is optional. This is not the case please. The meeting will be in two batches next Saturday, the th of June. am and pm that day at the Yaba Hackerspace. The new date for the Demo day event will be communicated. Thank you.
Having the meeting is very important. I will like to suggest that one of the meeting batches be moved back to working days, for the sake of fulltime instructor that doesn't not work on Saturday. Thank you
Same here. For the sake of the Muslim. That is the Muslim festival period.
The full time meeting will be held on Friday the th. . For those who cant make Saturday, you can join that session too
I think there will be holidays next weekend that may include Friday because of the Muslim Festival, Eid Kabir
Today is st innit?
Hello All, PT payments will be made on Monday.
Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. Please note that going forward, absences without a proper mail with evidence of why you intend to cancel a class will attract further deductions aside from missing the pay for the class missed. In the case where you will not be available for a class, you should send an email with evidence of why the class needs to be cancelled. Our meeting for this weekend will be brought forward to Thursday by noon to be held virtually since Friday and Saturday will be sallah holidays. Kindly ensure to join the meeting on Thursday afternoon to discuss most of the issues we are experiencing. I'll share a link for the meeting shortly. Thank you.
Good morning, will classes hold on Sunday?
Instructor's Meeting Wednesday, June · : – :pm Time zone: Africa/Tunis Google Meet joining info Or dial: ‪(ZA) + ‬ PIN: ‪ ‬#
Meeting link
Holidays will be communicated as soom as the official dates have been declared
Ok 👍
Good morning 🌞, Thursday was communicated in the initial message but the link has the meeting scheduled for Wednesday, so are we sticking to Wednesday?
Its Thursday, Thank you for pointing that out. Apologies for the mix up
.
☹️☹️
But why is it always the PT payment that is usually delayed?
Good evening Everyone. To answer your question @⁨~Jolayemi Adewale⁩ PT payments require checks for each invoice to match what's on the platform, hence the longer time to process. However this particular delay is because there was an issue with UBA bank today. The payment was loaded severally but it didn't go through. Uba bank users in this group would be able to confirm that their platform was down today. We would do everything possible to ensure the payments go through tomorrow. We apologise for the inconveniences caused.
I am a victim of the UBA system
Its been down all through today and thats the bank/platform we use. Payment was initiated today several times.
They will need to go hire better Devs.
You're also a victim of "not being paid". You need to change your bank bro. Wages you no see, saving too you no see SMH
Good Morning @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ I would please like to know if there is an estimated date for this, because that helps with personal budgeting and planning even if it is not today, when are we looking at receiving it, because this is already rd, and we do not have an estimated date
Then, for the Demo day challenge, my suggestion . I suggest we introduce a new policy that students do not receive their certifications unless they attempt the pre-Demo Day and get screened or rejected to present . If they get screened and they get rejected, they still go home with their certificates, and those who do not get dropped present . I will also suggest that students are asked if they are informed about Demo Day and why they choose not to present, because I do not think it is an issue from instructors alone . I will suggest that the sales personnel always try to push with converted students to always remind them about the importance of Demo Day, while checking up on their progress and updating them about the importance of rating right
*My other suggestion* . I will strongly advise that we revisit this new policy of no replaced holiday dates, because it is somehow to students, and it seems we do not care about them, remember we are not a school, we are an Ed-tech certification company, schools may do that because of the timeline they have, we do not have much timeline . Also having to always follow up to request for holiday dates is more of a struggle than it ordinarily should be, because the students paid for a length of time, especially of Part Time students, not giving them replaced holidays doesn't seem like we are keeping up to our own words
I think the holidays can be factored in when preparing the course schedule. I mean, even our phones calendar indicates holidays.
If the complaints come in month to month, then there's something wrong with the current process of PT payments.
Hi all, is the meeting still holding? If yes, please resend link. Thanks.
Hello All, theres a meeting on Thursday afternoon. Please write down your questions to be treated. As for the link @⁨Incognito Babs GOMYCODE⁩ please check your mail it was sent to everyone's email.
Noted Thanks
'O Clock is just around the corner
Today UBA network Sharp 🪒
Last month Accountant Born This Month UBA Network😢
Good morning, pls can GOMYCODE consider allocating weeks access to the platform for students? This is because, after the recent content review/update, the course is more packed with lesser time( weeks)
Good afternoon All. Please its time for the meeting
Please lets join the meeting on time so we can round off quickly
Waiting to be granted access
Grant
Hello All, Thank you for your time today. Please I didn't mention that the Demo day candidates availability will determine when the graduation bonus for each cohort will be paid. Like I said, out of students, if - are available to present, then the graduation bonus will be paid that month. Graduation bonus will be pending if no student presents in a cohort. This is an important information that was omitted. Please kindly take note. Thank you and have a productive day ahead.
Hello Everyone, This is to announce the dates for the upcoming holidays this weekend. The holidays have been declared for Friday, the th, and Monday, the th of June, . Please note that the Hackerspace will be closed on Friday and Saturday for fumigation, but will be open on Sunday, the th of June. If your students are available virtually on Saturday, please share a poll with me indicating they accept, then go ahead with the class virtually and mark your attendance. If they are available physically on Sunday, please send me a poll as well and then come for the classes. For classes that won't agree, they will be cancelled. Classes will resume back on Tuesday, the th of June, . Thank you. Please feel free to reach out for clarification.
@⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ Is there a new date for demo day now ? Nothing must do my bonus oh 😁
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. This is to inform you all that we will be observing the June holiday tomorrow. The hackerspace will not be open. All classes will resume on Friday, the th of June, . Thank you.
Hello Instructors please attend to your attendance status if peradventure you forgot to mark it during the classes over the weekend. Please kindly treat as urgent. Thank you.
Good morning guys, I'm not able to assess checkpoints as the AI is stuck on reviewing. I just want to know if the challenge is peculiar to me.
Good morning Everyone Same here but with automated one on ones also
No, it is not, I also have the same challenge, reach out to the support team from your platform, they should respond to you, although they haven't yet for my complaint.
For the labphase im told the issue has been fixed
For those having issues with Ai delays please share a screenshot. Please treat as urgent
Mine too
Youre supposed to be able to bypass Ai checks for checkpoints So what i need is the screenshot that shows that the "score manually" tab isn't working or is absent
The AI would need to fail or assess the checkpoint for you to get to the manual assessment
This is what I was getting. I haven't check at this moment as I'm not with my PC
Ok
Hi team, We’ve noticed a small technical issue where some students’ OTOs (done between last week and now) are showing up as not submitted, even though they already completed them. ✅ Important: Their answers are still saved they just need to re-submit by clicking through the questions again. Please use the message below to respond to any student who reports this issue. It includes a step-by-step guide and a short video tutorial to help them fix it quickly. Message to Send to Students: Hi [Student Name], Thanks for reaching out! There’s a small technical issue that may make your OTO look like it wasn’t submitted even though you already completed it. Don’t worry your answers are still saved! You just need to go through it again and re-submit. Here’s how: What to do: Click “Start OTO” You’ll see your answers are already filled in Click “Next” through each question At the end, click “Submit” Then click “View Test Details” and wait for the AI to review your answers Once it’s reviewed, you’ll be able to move to the next OTO Watch this short video tutorial to see how it works: Let us know if you need any help!
Quick update on the issue with OTOs
Thank you
Good morning guys. One of our partners is looking for trainers who have strong expertise in Llama and can effectively guide a cohort of startups through the following modules: •⁠ ⁠Introduction to Llama & Setting Up AI Development Environments •⁠ ⁠Selecting the Right Model: Llama, Prompt Engineering, and Use Case Design •⁠ ⁠Using Llama for MVPs: Data Pipelines, Fine-tuning, and Iteration •⁠ ⁠Technical Deployment: APIs, Infrastructure, and AI in Production •⁠ ⁠AI Ethics for Startups •⁠ ⁠Scaling Llama: Performance Optimization and Model Deployment
If interested, please share your resume here. They need -.
The same guys are also looking for technical application reviewers
Sharing the JD here
You can apply directly or send to me to share with them
Cheers!
Thanks for sharing 👍. Will reach out to you after tweaking my resume
Thank you sir
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please for those who haven't sent in their invoice, please do so by the close of business today the latest. Thank you
We’ve noticed a small technical issue where some students’ OTOs (done between last week and now) are showing up as not submitted, even though they already completed them. ✅ Important: Their answers are still saved they just need to re-submit by clicking through the questions again. Please use the message below to respond to any student who reports this issue. It includes a step-by-step guide and a short video tutorial to help them fix it quickly. Message to Send to Students: Hi [Student Name], Thanks for reaching out! There’s a small technical issue that may make your OTO look like it wasn’t submitted even though you already completed it. Don’t worry your answers are still saved! You just need to go through it again and re-submit. Here’s how: What to do: Click “Start OTO” You’ll see your answers are already filled in Click “Next” through each question At the end, click “Submit” Then click “View Test Details” and wait for the AI to review your answers Once it’s reviewed, you’ll be able to move to the next OTO Watch this short video tutorial to see how it works: Let us know if you need any help!
Hello All, Please for those whose students are having delayed OTO scoring, please send this to your students. They are expected to resend the OTO, and it will be scored.
Hello Instructors, Good morning. Please attend to your attendance status if peradventure you forgot to mark it during the classes over the weekend. Please kindly treat as urgent. Thank you.
Hello Instructors, Please send in your students for Pre-Demo day checks. The new date is this Friday, th of July, . Please kindly treat as urgent. Thank you
Dear Management, I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to formally express my deep concern regarding the consistent delay in the payment of salaries, which has significantly affected my well-being, both professionally and personally. I remember this issue was tackled last year by making the th the deadline to submit invoices and payment before the last day of the month. That’s why payment for the months stops counting on the th on our platform. As an employee dedicated to giving my % best daily, it has become increasingly difficult to sustain the level of focus and productivity expected of me when the basic reward for my efforts (my salary) is not paid on time. This delay has caused immense strain on my ability to meet essential obligations such as transportation, utility bills, and most importantly, feeding. It is disheartening to find myself having to explain to my landlord, lenders, and family members why I am unable to meet financial commitments despite being gainfully employed. It is difficult to plan properly with this mode of remuneration. Beyond the financial burden, this situation is taking a toll on my mental health. The uncertainty each month creates anxiety that no employee should have to endure, especially when we are all contributing our time, skills, and energy toward the company’s success. It’s not just about money, it’s about empathy, trust, and motivation. I am kindly appealing to HR and management to please treat this matter with the urgency it deserves. Regular, timely payment is not a luxury, it is a basic right. I am hopeful that the management will address this and ensure that a lasting solution is put in place. We need to feel safe and valued. Thank you for taking the time to read this. I remain committed to my work and the goals of GOMYCODE, but I also ask that my humanity and reality be acknowledged through prompt and consistent remuneration. Warm regards.
Good morning all. You are all aware that whenever one instructor fails to do the right thing, there will be a delay in processing the pay for others. This happens every month, where we go back and forth correcting stuff on the invoice. @⁨habephe⁩ you are yet to sign your invoice, and this is causing a major delay. When you all do the right thing, there will be no delays in processing the payments. Please do the needful @⁨habephe⁩
@⁨habephe⁩ 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 nepa will soon cut my light, I never chop for days now, do the right thing!😭
I'm hoping this person has signed his/her invoice
It's as simple as this... If you don't sign yours, wait till the next month. One person an't delay the others
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Guyyyyyyy sign that thing nowwwww
April Accountant put to birth May UBA Network June instructor didn't sign invoice. It is well.
Good evening All. Please payment will be made tomorrow unfailingly.
Morning? or around this time?
👨🏻‍🦯👨🏻‍🦯👨🏻‍🦯👨🏻‍🦯
Rceived this morning
Hmmm
@⁨habephe⁩ have you not fixed your invoice still? 🙁
Una never see money ni☹️
E don drop here okoo
this minute shii 😭
Glory to God
To God be the glory
Hello Instructors, please send your graduated students to the management for pre-demo day presentations. None of the students has turned up till now. There are repercussions for those who don't submit students for Demo Day. We have had to move the date by a week to the th of July again because no student turned up. Please reach out to your students if this concerns you.
Seems there was an update to the Design course
Yes, thats correct
Hello Instructors, once again, here is a final reminder to those who always forget to mark their attendance. The rule is for the attendance to be marked on the same day of the class. Once it crosses to the next day, the team will mark it to be canceled. Trying to fix it on Monday may be too late as I won't be giving excuses for instructors on Mondays anymore. Once your attendance is found not marked for a weekend class or a previous week, it will be cancelled, and payment for such class will not be made. It's a simple rule, please keep it. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please note that there will be a state election held this Saturday, the th of July, . Please note that movement will be restricted and physical classes may not be possible. Please note that the hackerspace will be open, but because there wont be movement, we may all have to have classes virtually. This affects Saturday only. All Sunday classes will be held physically. If you can make it to the space, go ahead. But all instructors are expected to share a google meet link to enable all students to join the class virtually. Please create your links and share with me privately ahead of the Saturday classes. Thank you.
Hello All, Please we have decided to close the hackerspace on Saturday for Safety. All classes will hold online for Saturday. Please send me the links to your respective classes. Thank you
Hello @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ thank you for the information I had to ask due to the need for electricity
is it possible to go to the office if we stay close by?
Because not so certain of light over here
The hackerspace will be closed due to security reasons. If you dont have powered the class will have to be cancelled. We moved classes online because of the difficulties with rescheduling cancelled classes
Hello All, Here is a guide to the bew code required for marking your attendance. Youre to get it from the students or from me in extreme cases at most hour after the session ends. Please go through it and let me know if you have any questions. Thank you
I keep getting "one time password failed error
I'm not even getting the code at all
You need a student to give you the code
Where will the code e received?
It's displayed on every student's dashboard in the cohort
Immediately they sign in they'll see it
Hello All, As we've heard, there'll be public holiday tomorrow to pay last respect to the last outgoing president. Please all classes scheduled to hold tomorrow should hold online. Any class cancelled would not be replaced. Please share an evidence of your class held before marking your attendance, thank you.
Hello All, I need a virtual assistant instructor. Is there anyone who can take this course?
Hello All, Im in need of a Game development tutor D and D for summer. Anyone interested or who knows someone should please send me a private message. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please for those who haven't sent in their invoice for the period of June st to July th, please do so by the close of business today the latest. Thank you
Hello Again, Please keep your invoices coming in to avoid delays
Hello All, please is there anyone who can take python classes within the week for weeks summer program? Mondays to Thursdays -pm Starting on Monday the th till August th. Please reach out to me privately if you can. I need one urgently. Thank you
Hello Instructors, Here is a final reminder to those who haven't sent their invoices till now. Please treat this as urgent. This is the final reminder.
Mine has been sent. Thank you for always being patient with us
Hello All, Please concerning using the Punch in and out Attendance feature. Youre expected to be on the gomycdode network (You and your students). Collect the punch in code from the student and the punch out code after the class as well but before they leave. Please kindly take note. Thank you
Alright, thank you
Noted. Thank you.
Good afternoon sir, I hope you’re well. This is Vivian from Doballi, I’m reaching out to inquire if you have some Xano Backend Mobile App Developers and Moodle Developer you can refer to us for a job? We don’t have any talent with these skill areas.
Guys, any takers?
Reach out to me if interested
Hi guys. Is anyone here a qualified/licensed NBTE Skills Assessor? I might have a gig for you? Let me know
Thanks
Hello All. Good morning. Please educate your students on the rating system. or lower is considered a score. We are having lots of passive ratings of and . Please educate them in case they missed the orientation class. Thank you
Hello All, Good evening. We are sorry for the delay. Payments couldnt be made today. We would make payment by Tuesday the latest. We apologise for the delay 🙏🏼
Ahh, Tuesday 🤣😩😩😩
Hello All, Here is an important information about punching in and out. You should collect the punch in code at the start of the class from your students connected to the same gomycode network as you. And collect the punchout code at the end of the class. Eg punch in at am and punchout at pm Please note that the code expires after a few minutes. So you need to use it on time. Thank you.
The document shared says the Punch-In is optional.
The punch-in is as important. Please always punch in and out. For those not using it, i have been marking their attendance all along. Please Punch in and out as I cant continue to mar for everyone. Thank you
Noted
Who no sign his/her invoice this month again?
Pythonistas, if you have a talk/presentation and you're interested in speaking at a conference. hmu
Hello All, Please, concerning the Attendance report. You are all expected to mark the attendance at the designated time: Start of the class, you are to punch in, and at exactly the end of the class i.e pm or pm as the case may be. (The code expires if not used within the time). Any attendance showing as not reported will not be paid for. Some of you have adapted to the new way of marking, and others are still struggling most times because you forget to mark it at the right time. Any attendance not reported, not punched out, or forgotten will not be paid for. It would automatically be cancelled. Please take note. Once you don't mark it, I won't be able to do anything about it.
I have a question or is it an observation. Is it that people have been paid and I'm been exempted or we are not getting paid? Because this absolute silence is strange to me and today is th
Sorry about that, Just that we know in gomycode sometimes payment is being delayed due to audits I guess. It's not a first time thing. But they'll certainly pay. And I guess that's why most of us here, aren't saying anything even though we are concerned.
IMO, since we’ve dates for invoice submission, it’s only fair we’ve dates for wages. Now the date could be th or last day of the month but it just helps for personal planning.
This is the actual reason
Hello All, I hope we are having a productive day. This is to inform you about a free master class event taking place on Thursday, the th of August. It would be anchored by the CEO, Yahyah. We would like all instructors and Students to be in attendance. Kindly see the details of the Masterclass below. Youre encouraged to join the Master class virtually via the Zoom link below: Thriving in the Age of Agentic AI This is a key event for our community, and we’d love to see strong participation from your Hackerspaces. ✅ Please take a moment to remind everyone it's happening this Thursday, August ! Hope to see you there!
I don't know. Am I the only one, the website ain't loading
you should try clearing your cache
Done same issue
na wifi issue. connect to a private network
Experiencing same issues. Is the wifi. Personal connection works
Good evening
I thought we were supposed to see our salary today😩😩
Good evening All. We actually did make payments today but the payments were reversed unfortunately. Please note that the issue has been resolved and the payments will be loaded again tomorrow. We apologise for the inconveniences.
Thats the reversal thay happened. We apologise for the inconveniences. We appreciate your patience🙏🏽
To Wednesday --
Hello Instructors, We are sorry about the internet downtime over the weekend. We just resolved it today. Please for those who had classes this weekend, kindly mark your attendance so i can punch you out. You need to mark for me to be able to punch out. For those working today, the internet is back so you can punch out now. Thank you
Alright on it thank you
Hello All, Please send in your invoices from st July till th of August. For the PT guys th will be the last day. For PT in Full time, please add for tomorrow, the th. Thank you
Hello All, Please, for those who have not sent in their invoice, please do so today. Lets avoid delays. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please note that i have reported the platform issue. The support team is working on it. Should be restored soon. Thank you
Its fixed now. Please check
Good evening, trust you're all doing great. Any DevOps engineer here? Kindly DM.
Good Afternoon Everyone happy holidays Will please like to find out if the Hackerspace is open today. Anyone at the office?
The hackerspace is closed for today. Classes will resume tomorrow
Alright thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please send your invoice for the period of st August to th September. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please im in need of a Video Editing instructor. Kindly share available contact with me privately if you have any. Thank you.
Hello.. Good morning. I need you to nominate/recommend one to three students or alumni, each from your Class. I need their names, email addresses, phone numbers, in addition to their CVs with links to their portfolios. Please endeavor to send the names before COB Today. Thank you
We are pleased to introduce our exciting Talent Accelerator Program (Cortex .) — a fully funded -week initiative designed to identify, train, and launch the next generation of API-savvy builders and innovators across Africa’s fintech ecosystem. The program will provide participants with hands-on exposure to real fintech projects, mentorship, and opportunities for job placement upon completion. We are inviting your institution to nominate promising students or recent graduates (preferably from technology, computing, or business backgrounds) to participate in this unique program. Program Highlights: Duration: weeks (November – February ) Mode: Virtual Monthly Stipend: ₦, per participant Cash Prize: ₦,, each for the top participants Career Opportunity: Job placement with OnePipe and mentorship for the top participants Cost: Fully sponsored — no participation fee required This program offers a rare opportunity for talented individuals to gain practical experience in fintech, enhance their employability, and access career pathways within the digital finance space.
Hello All, I hope your weekend is going well. Please let's all ensure to send in our invoices tomorrow. The date stops today so you can as well send from today. I'll be going on leave soon and any delay in sending your invoices might affect the pay of those who default. Please lets treat this as urgent. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day is productive. Please, for those graduating students, ensure you do so before the th so your graduation bonus can be paid with the present cycle. Any graduation after the th of any month will be moved to the next month. Please take note. I'm still awaiting the invoice from some instructors. Please treat as urgent. Thank you.
Please send your invoices guys. For those who still havent sent theirs
Good evening
Please has anyone received salary☹️☹️
Omo 😞😞
😂 E never enter ooo
Another day,we still dey hope 🙁
Abi accountant don born again?
Hello All. We are sorry about the delayed payments. The new person in charge had a few challenges. But the payment will drop today. Shes on it. Please kindly excersice a bit more patience. Thanks🙏🏽
Payments have been made. Apologies again 🙏🏽
Has anyone received because I haven't seen mine😩😩
Hope say nor be First or Union Bank you dey use😂
No
Calm down then
Hello Instructors, I hope your day is going well. For those that would be starting a new class this session/weekend, please note that i would not be available to take the Orientaion as im still on leave. Please kindly go through these important topics with your students during a start of a session when im not aroud to deliver the usual Orientation. Please it would go a long way to put them on the right footing with us. Thanks . Welcome Students . Access card confirmation if they got theirs. . Platform Access. Confirm if they received the mail and logged in successfully. . Course Duration: Clarigfy if it is , or weeks . Communication via emails to the HSM/instructors or chat bot for technical issues . Progress Should move at least % every class. -% at two weekds to the end and to start working on project. . Lab phase and Demo Day presentation . Certified courses like cybersecurity, power bi, Adobe or Meta would receive white test links after graduating, they are to score % and above to get the vouchers. . Feedback platform: they are to rate the Experience, the instructor and contents. Its a or if theres no issue, and when theres an issue they can write the issue for us to resolve. . Tell them to read the policy page carefully. .Wifi Passwords for nd, th and th floor: AlphaTangoGolf@@ . Telegram Channel. Please send them the link to join the group : . Show them how to clear their cache: Steps to clear cache: . Right-click anywhere on the platform . Click the last option "Inspect" . A window will open to the right, click on the " >>>" button and click on Applications. . Scroll down to clear site data. . Click on Ctrl + Shift +R to refresh . Attach a passport on the pass. . Join the Alumni platform Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please ensure to send in your invoices from today. The date stops today, so you can also send from today or at most tomorrow. Please treat as urgent. Thank you
Hello good morning everyone. Trust you're all doing great.
Any Social media/content creator person, kindly DM me.
Is it just me or is anybody else getting a blank page on their earnings page
That's what have been seeing too
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please i just checked with the accounts team, payment may take up to Wednesday before it drops. Apologies for any inconveniences. It would be done latest on or before Wednesday. Thank you for your understanding.
Hi All, Here are some examples of Ice breaker tips for your Ivce breaker sessions:
Two Truths and a Dream: Participants take turns sharing two true statements about themselves and one dream they aspire to achieve. The rest of the group guesses which statement is the dream. This activity encourages creativity and helps participants learn interesting facts about each other. Memory Map: Each participant draws a map of their life, highlighting significant events, places, and people. They then share their maps with the group, explaining the stories behind the landmarks. This activity promotes storytelling and understanding. Speed Friending: Similar to speed dating, but for making friends! Participants pair up and have a set amount of time to ask each other questions. When time's up, they switch partners and repeat. This activity encourages quick connections and conversation. Would You Rather?: Create a list of fun and thought-provoking "Would You Rather" questions related to various topics. Participants take turns answering and explaining their choices. This activity sparks discussion and reveals shared interests. Name That Fact: Each participant writes down an interesting fact about themselves on a piece of paper without their name. The facilitator reads out the facts one by one, and the group tries to guess who wrote each one. This activity encourages active listening and observation. Personal Emoji: Participants choose an emoji that represents how they're feeling or what they're thinking right now. They then explain their choice to the group. This activity encourages self-expression and empathy. Life Soundtrack: Participants share a song that they feel represents a significant moment or emotion in their lives. They explain why they chose the song and what it means to them. This activity fosters emotional connections and understanding. Bucket List Swap: Participants share one item from their bucket list with a partner. They discuss why they want to do it and any plans they have for achieving it. This activity encourages goal-setting and mutual support. Dream Job Interview: Participants pair up and take turns interviewing each other for their dream job. They can ask questions about qualifications, experiences, and aspirations. This activity promotes creativity and self-reflection. Secret Superpower: Each participant shares a "secret superpower" they wish they had, whether it's a real ability or something silly. They explain how they would use it and why. This activity sparks imagination and laughter.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please start sending in your invoices for the cycle of the st of November to the th of December, . Please let's treat it as urgent as we are closing this weekend, and we need to avoid any delays about payments during the break. Thank you.
*Holidays/ Closure* Hello All, We hope your day is going well. Please be informed about our closure for the year. The Hackerspace and its activities would be closed for the year from the nd of of December . The last classes for the year will be held on Sunday, the st of December, . We would resume operations on Monday, the th of January, . Please drop a message on your respective groups for your weekend students on the days you have classes during the holiday to know if your students are available for a virtual class. Once they indicate their availability, you can go ahead, and if not, we can cancel the classes till further notice. Thank you. Warm regards
Hello All, Compliments of the season. For all those inquiring about PT payments, Payment in December is usually made by the end of the month. We'll ensure you get it on or before the st🙏🏽 Kindly bear with us. Thank you.
Uhmmmm😞
Ok
Hello good morning everyone, trust you're all doing great. @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ I would like to know how the new tax reform affects part time instructors seeing as we are already been charged % tax when we get paid. Going forward, what's the reflection of this on the purported payments in . We get % deducted tax and also pay an extra % on income tax or what's the play.
Good morning. I dont have that information yet. When we do, we'll definitely communicate.
Alright, I'll be looking forward to hearing from you. Thanks.
Happy New Year Everyone 🥳
Happy New Year All. Wish you the very best and an amazing 🎉🎉
Heeeey, Happy New Year, everyone Specifically, Happy newyear @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ and @⁨~Babatunde Olaifa⁩ Thank you for keeping us together for all these years. Quite frankly, we might not know how difficult it is being in your position, but from the little experience i have had leading people as a team lead, I will say for sure it is not an easy process. Thank you so much, and God bless you all I pray this year brings in more and more growth, diversification, expansion and more qualified students that would not stress the instructors or the management. Amen
Thank you so much, Philip🎉 Not sure if i am allowed to do this but i came across this job opportunity Might be useful for students or instructors
Hello All, Happy New Year and Happy Resumption! Please, for the PT instructors who missed classes during the holidays, mostly those who claimed their students are not available virtually. Please, ask your students if they can come in physically within this week to wrap up the missed classes so we can mark all the not-reported sessions for you to get paid. For those who had classes during the holiday, all attendance has been marked and sorted. This is for those who didnt. Please don't mark if you haven't done the extra class yet. And show proof of the class before marking. Kindly message your students and give me feedback to know if they agree to come in during the week and if you are free to cover the classes. Please treat this as urgent so we can close all non-reported sessions this week. Thank you.
Good morning Temitayo, two sessions were missed during the holiday . Dec th and Jan rd. Which one are you referring to ?
All sessions missed
Hello All, Good evening. Please note that we moved up our new classes for January session meant to start tomorrow till the th of January, . All class start dates have been communicated by mail. Thank you.
This is for the new classes please. Not the ongoing ones. All ongoing classes resumes tomorrow as formerly scheduled. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please, this year, it is important to prioritize punching in as much as punching out. Whenever you start a class, please ensure you punch in to show you attended the class at the hackerspace. If you then have challenges punching out, please reach out to me to help punch out. *The team will cancel classes that don't have punch-in data* Please let's take note. Thank you
Hello All, Please here is an update for those that still havent sent in the screenshot of their class poll, showing that their students have agreed to have the classes missed during the holiday. Please send the screenshot to me before close of business tomorrow, the latest. Please note that just one may be approved but ask for dates and send a unified poll for application. (This doesnt apply to those that have done theirs). Affected Instructors: Bright, Taofeek, Daniel Ojiaku, Olatunde Jaiye, Elijah, Uchenna etc Please lets treat this as urgent. For those who have already had their: Abdulsamd, Philip, Saviour etc please share your poll screenshot if you havent done so. Please reach out to me if you need further clarification. Thank you.
Hello All, Please I need a Video Editing Instructor. Please reach out to me if you have any referrals. Thank you
Hello All, Please I am in need of a Cloud Instructor who can take a Masters Class for a few hours. Please reach out to me if you know or have anyone. Thank you.
Hello All, Please If you know you have any session that hasn't been punched out, please reach out to me to do so on your behalf now. Before they get cancelled by tomorrow. Please treat this as urgent. Also, you can start sending in your invoices for Dec st to oth of January. Thank you
Hello Team, please I need everyone to use this link to generate JRB TIN Also share the tin with me. It takes less than mins to do. Thank you
Hello All, please note that every individual (and company) will have to generate a Joint Revenue Board TIN. Very easy to do: Just go via this link, input your NIN and your JRB TIN will pop up
Hi All, Good evening. I hope your day has been productive. This is to inform you all that there was a light situation today where we ran out of diesel and the suppliers failed to deliver up until now. For those who had classes, thank you for holding up your classes and managing the situation. As it stands, we may not get supplies tomorrow being Sunday till Monday. As a result, all old classes should please hold online, to prevent them from coming around and experiencing the blackout. Please communicate with your students ahead tonight so they can be aware. As for the new classes resuming tomorrow, (Social media @⁨Philip Digital Marketing⁩ Graphics design @⁨~Kayode Kayak⁩ and Python essentials @⁨~Jolayemi Adewale⁩ ) because we cant afford to cancel again, they would come in for a brief orientation and we would manage the situation after the event. Please mark your attendance and reach out to me to punchout. Apologies for the inconveniences. Please try to manage your students. We will send them apology emails by Monday. Thank you for your understanding.
@⁨Prof Hussein Gomycode⁩ @⁨Daniel Gmc Instructor⁩ @⁨~satetechexperts⁩ @⁨~Jaiye⁩ @⁨~Uchenna Unigwe⁩ Please communicate online classes to your already existing classes. Thank you.
Ok, I was unable to punch out but the attendance was marked .
Well noted!
*Addressing the Decline in Security Standards and Staff Safety* ​Good morning. I believe it is vital to address the growing hostility from our security staff before a preventable tragedy occurs. ​Currently, our security personnel are displaying a blatant disregard for professional hierarchy. We have seen instructors physically confronted and threatened with *Cutlass* (just yesterday) over simple procedural requests. *​"Doing the job"* is not an excuse for unprofessionalism or violence. *I suggest we take the following immediate steps:* ❌ ​Replace current personnel who have demonstrated a history of aggression. ❌ ​Implement a strict training program focused on professional communication and the proper chain of command. *​We need to ensure that those hired to protect this institution do not become the primary source of conflict within it.*
Today we feel "they are doing their jobs" Not until it gets to something of a life and death situation that cannot be reversed and they keep lying about why they had to become disrespectful, unprofessional and careless.
@⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ and @⁨~Babatunde Olaifa⁩
Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We will address the issue today.
Hello All, Please note that all instructors are expected to submit their attendance by themselves going forward. Lack of electricity or internet wouldn't be an excuse going forward as the gen stays on till pm. Except in rare cases where we have to report the issue to the support. All attendance should be submitted by pm. Please take note. Thank you.
Only a few people are complying. Please look at the sheet to see how youve done in the lase days
Hello Again, Please send a screenshot of evidence of failed punchout issues on days the platform fails and send it to my email to send to the support team. Please lets adhere to this strictly. Thank you
The gen is going off guys. Please punch out
The punch out code appears minute to pm
Okay, the gen will go off at pm
This thing is not punching in ooo
You cant be punching in at pm Taofeek
These are the issues
Punch in is at the start if the class, and in your case is at pm
I don't get this ooo
Hello All, Happy Sunday! Here is another reminder for all instructors to punch in and out of their sessions today and every day! I can no longer punchout for instructors, and if you don't submit, the pay for the day won't be added. *Please meet the people on green who have been consistent with using the punchout feature to put you through if, by now, you still don't understand*! *Please mark your attendance minutes to the end, there's no excuse for this, please* . Move to a different floor with the student you want to get the code from if the network on your floor isn't stable. And ensure you or the student doesnt have VPN active. . The Inverter on the th and th floors remains for over minutes even when the generator goes off at pm. So move there quickly to punch out with the student before the code time is over. . One hour after the class, the code is no longer available. So if you dont punchout witin the given period, NO excuses will be valid. Thank you!
Good afternoon All, Please we would be fumigating the space on Thursday Evington and as a result we would need all classes for Friday to be moved online so the effect of the fumigation can douse down. All Full time classes will resume on Saturday morning. Please communicate to your students. Thank you.
Good morning All, Please send in your invoices for this month's payment cycle tomorrow. Please dont wait for me to remind you tomorrow. Please treat this as urgent. Thank you
Hello All, Please send in your invoices ASAP. Thank you
Hello All, please im in need of Cybersecurity instructors urgently. Please send me their contacts in my dm. Thank you.
Hello Instructors on duty today. Here is a reminder for you to punch in and out today. In mins the punchout codes will pop up, please endeavor to punchout successfully to avoid cancelled payments. Thank you.
Dear Team, I hope your day is going well. We would like to inform you that there may be a slight delay in processing this month’s salary due to pending administrative payments currently being finalized. Our accountant has confirmed that salaries will be processed on or before Friday, th March. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and truly appreciate your patience and understanding. Thank you for your continued dedication and commitment. Kind regards, GOMYCODE Team
So I am getting that one then🤸‍♀️🤸‍♀️💃💃
Adewale, Did you read the message i dropped yesterday?
No I did not sorry about that
Good afternoon @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ will there be class this Saturday ?
Thers is @⁨~Jaiye⁩ the holiday is only Thursday and Friday. Classes will resume this Saturday and Sunday. I'll send the comms now
If Sallah is not tomorrow can we come. Because my students said make-up will be hard because of work and all, and they wouldn't prefer online
The holiday had been declared right?
Yeah
But if thats the case sure, we'll announce and see how they can come. But the generator for just one class will be the issue
There's a public holiday, I don't understand why we're opening up again
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we will be observing the Eid Holiday tomorrow Thursday and Friday, the th and th of March . Classes will resume on Saturday the st of March . The Hackerspace will be locked during the holidays. All classes for this Saturday and Sunday will be held. Thank you GOMYCODE
Good morning All, Please send in your invoices for this month's payment cycle today. Please don't wait for me to remind you. I have received some, please send yours in, if you haven't. Please treat this as urgent. Thank you
Good evening @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ , do we have to file our tax returns ourselves or gmc got that sorted ?
I dont have the exact response to that atm as regards filing. Will revert after confirming from our accounts and admin team
Ok, thanks
Good morning @⁨~Jaiye⁩ The accountant said you can do the filing yourself. Also, there's an external tax consultant that charges a fee of k per person but that's if you're interested.
Good morning Temitayo, thank you for sharing the info. I’ll file myself . Thanks
Good morning @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩ will there be class this Saturday ?
Hello @⁨~Jaiye⁩ and All. There's no holiday on Saturday but since its in-between the holiday we can just have classes virtually
The holidays are Friday, Sunday and Monday So for those, we can observe.
Alright thanks
Good morning ma @⁨Temitayo Gomycode⁩. For the virtual classes, how do we punch in and mark the attendance?
Just mark and inform me, ill handle the punch out
Hello All, Concerning the PT payments. We'll ensure you get it on or before this Friday the rd of April 🙏🏽 Kindly bear with us. Thank you.
Easter Holiday Announcement Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we will be observing the Good Friday, Easter Sunday, and Easter Monday Holidays (rd, th, and th of April). This implies that the PT classes meant for this Sarturday the th of April, would be holding virtually, there would be no class on Sunday, and all full-time classes will resume on Tuesday, the th of April, . We wish you all a beautiful/restful holiday season ahead. Regards GOMYCODE
What if the students want online classes like on Monday for example?
Can we do??
Hi Temi, can we hold the class physically on Saturday if the students opt for it?
Hi Temitayo, Good Afternoon thank you for this. Just a few questions for Sunday classes. My students have just next week to graduate after this Sunday, and you know we do not grant makeup classes for holidays, so i am a bit worried because one week isnt enough for them to graduate. Is it possible the office is opened on Sundays for those who want to come or we have virtual classes? My only fear for virtual classes is electricity and time is far spent.
The challenge is that we would not be able to get diesel supply for that Saturday due to the holidays. The space will be open but totally dependent on Nepa
I am saying this because in the text sent earlier i saw no classes on Sunday
We'll ask for a replacement for next week. If you hold classes durinhg holidays now, they will negate the pay for the day
Okay
Thank you.
Can we do online
I already mentioned Virtual classes Taofeek, So yes
Ok thanks
Hello Good evening With this we shouldn’t take the Sunday class online?
Theres holiday this Sunday
No class thia Sunday
Hello All, please kindly send in your invoices from st March to today th of April. Please treat as urgent. thank you
Hello All, Good morning. Please note that Lagos State is re-introducing the Sanitation excersice tomorrow the th of April. Please note that we still be holding classes physically tomorrow because the excersice closes at :. So we may have some persons come in later depending on where they are coming from but we would hold classes all the same. Especially for the afternoon classes. For the morning classes, please drop a poll ahead, if they are willing to hold classes virtually, please do and show me evidence that the class was held online and if they prefer to come in, by all means do. I'll communicate on the student's channel, please send a message to your student's as well. Thank you.
Can we do am - pm ?
Yes. Just ensure the class is ready for the next sessions. Thank you
Good morning everyone Please I need a Data Analyst instructor Kindly send a DM
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. Please we have a new contract for all instructors. It is important to sign and send it back to me latest by the close of business today. It is essential for processing payment this month. Please fill, sign and resend to my email. Thank you.
This is for per hour
This is for per hour
If you take courses with different costs, please fill and sign two forms and send to me
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. I’d like to provide an update regarding the payment timeline. Some contracts were submitted after the stated deadline, which delayed the start of the invoice and contract review process. Kindly note that adhering to deadlines is important to ensure smooth and timely processing for everyone. The review process has now commenced today and is expected to be concluded at most tomorrow. Payments are scheduled to be processed tomorrow and should reflect on or before Wednesday, th May. We appreciate your patience and understanding. Thank you.
Hello All, Good afternoon, I need graduated students for Demo day coming up on rd of May. Please send me names of your best students to present. The gift to the winner is a free course or cash gifts. Thank you
Hello All, Please help share this link with your connections. We are in need of some instructors across the spaces. The link is for Festac, but it applies to all locations. We need Data Science instructors in Festac. Please dm if you have candidates. Thank you
Good evening All, We apologise for the further delay in paying salaries. We are really sorry. Some contracts from other locations had issues. And the payment won't be able to go through today till tomorrow or latest Friday. Please bear with us.🙏🏽🙏🏽 We sincerely apologise
Ahhhhh😞
Good morning
Please, when are we getting paid like this ☹️☹️
Hello All, As communicated earlier, the payment will be done today. I'm still following up with the team. Thank you for your patience.
Payment has been made. We apologise for the delay once again. Thank you for your patience.
Hello All, I noticed some instructors are still not complying with the punchin and punchout attendnace rules. I have explained that you can get your students' access details and get the punchout codes on your system with your own internet incase the power is turned off at :pm We now turn off the generator before pm because of diesel cost, however you are still expected to punchout and you can do that using the student's platform access on a different browser on your system using your own internet briefly. Please note that I still cant submit for any instructor and if you dont successfully submit the attendance for the day, the pay for the day will not be added. Please let's take this with utmost priority as it determines your earnings. Thank you.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. This is to remind you about our upcoming Demo Day event. The Event will be happening next Saturday, the rd of May, , between and pm. Please kindly communicate with your students. They are to click on the link below to register. This would help us plan properly. Please encourage them to attend early. Thank you. See you there!
Hello All, Here is to inform you that we are having a new course named AI Development. We will be having onboarding sessions for all our software instructors on Sunday, the th of May. We have two sessions, - or - pm. Please endeavour to join so you can teach the course going forward. . AI Development Bootcamp – Demo & Development Foundations 📅 Sunday, May 🕘 : AM – : PM (TN Time) 🔑 Passcode: gmc . AI Development Bootcamp – Generative AI, LLM & MCP 📅 Sunday, May 🕑 : PM – : PM (TN Time) Please make sure to join on time and come prepared for the sessions. Looking forward to your participation. Thank you. Regards
Hi All, Please we are in need of instructors for Project Management, Gen AI LLM INVIDIA, etc. Please help share these links to your network to apply. Thank you.
Hello All, Please send in your invoice for the month between Aprilst to th of May. Please note that a delay in sending your invoice is the beginning of the delay in processing the invoices. Please treat this as urgent and send them in by the close of business tomorrow at the latest. Thank you.
Hello Everyone, I hope your day is going on smoothly. This is to inform you all that we would be observing the Eid al-Fitr Holiday tomorrow and next. Wednesday and Thursday, th and th of May, , as declared by the Federal Government. All classes will resume back on Saturday, the th of May, . Thank you. GOMYCODE
Hello All, Here is an update about the payments. It will be made on or before close of business tomorrow. It is been finalised for payment as we speak. Thank you for your patience.
Hello All, I hope your day is going well. I need instructors for our summer classes for a month from our network. Introduction to Cybersecurity days a week for weeks (Mon, Tue, and Wednesdays -pm) Data Analytics days a week for weeks (Mon, Tue,Wednesdays and Thursdays -pm) Python days a week for weeks (Mon, Tue, and Wednesdays -pm) Web development days a week for weeks (Mon, Tue, and Wednesdays -pm) Please kindly send me a dm if you are available Thank you.
What is good about the night?
I no listen bro
Lol 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Stephen you be werey
Okay ma ✅
Abeg who be this?
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo .Jayjay . Biodun . Rofiat .dayo .Busayo .Deborah ( extra cool) .Egana Stephen . Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Senge .Anu .maxwell . Gbemisola . . . . .
I no get your time tonight Work dey tomorrow
Boboyi fimile
Who lala
Serious nah
Gbemisola
Oh
Lol 😂
State your reasons
reasons
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I Dey Abule Egba Kan fight me
Stephen are you okay now?
Una no Dey sleep?😂
No vex 😂
Ahhhh ode 😀😀😀
😅😅😅😅😅
Shey Dey audit acct 😀😀😀
You want make her boss sack her 😏
Ehnehn
Ahhh😀😀😀😀
U don marry way u Kno waytin dea sup
Yes werey
Yes
Shape bawo?
Help us greet your children. You no kuku invite us come naming ceremony 😩
Even wedding you no invite us. No be so ooo
Make sense
No fight oooo
Fight bawo U wan follow person wife fight?
Guy no try am oooo
Wetin Dey sound bro 😀😀😀
You Dey scratch pot
You just dey come online since
Him phone ba no good na why
Deji na werey
Na woman e Dey pack money give 😀😀😀
Which woman abeg
Lol 😂
No worry I sabi all hin woman
Really
Werey 😀😀😀😀
Oya now
Come church
Who removed me from admin
🙄
I tire ooo
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo .Jayjay . Biodun . Rofiat .dayo .Busayo .Deborah ( extra cool) .Egana Stephen . Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Senge .Anu .maxwell . Gbemisola .Muhammed . . . .
Sorry for not coming to the meeting Things tight
Abeg wen are u picking d date bcos na dat one b Koko wey go determine for me ooo
We don’t know yet Na December we go choose date
Okay ma'am
I think say na first friday in January now.
Joy u be osinwin 🙄🙄🙄
It is well ooo
Happy birthday @⁨~Richard😎⁩ hearty cheers 💯🎉❤️
Thanks my bro
Thanks dear
Thanks you my brother
Happy birthday @⁨~Richard😎⁩
Thanks dear
Make una Dey pay una money oooo
We never conclude the amout na
Shey na k we don conclude
Na m now
Go marry 😂😂😂😂
Haaaaaaaaa Yunno dey naija?
Go chop egbon 😂😂😂
Check description you go see Acct no
Nobody go burst my head pay now
Paid
Twaley 🙌
Sheybi Na k bah ?
k
k keh
And una gree ?
Una never talk price
Some Dey say and some Dey say
k
Send ur receipts to the group if u don pay
If na k Life goes on
No use mouth talk paid😂
E make sense
No use mount talk paid 😂😂😂... who be dz ? 😂😂😂I don die
Mount ko Rasford ni
😂
Rashford
No mind me
Go marry
I sporty no make I see road again
k Na one game remain Na second half one goal I need The werey team dey play - And na mins them dey 😭😭😭😭😭
Run go mountain
Na person wey don chop belleful Dey play sporty bet.
Which mountain dey here bro I no fit pray self
For stake way I stake
U no fit chop b dat
Yes ooo
Ladies and gentle guys The game don......
What is cashout ?
No cashout bro They no bring bring cash out from mins
Sorry sir
Alaye d game don come
Congratulations
Flex boys
Make he kon do giveaway for boys
Ajeh He no come
Today na Sunday
Na true oo
I don forget
Meeting Dey today o
Lol
Lol Dey play
don knack ooooo
Na because u manage dey for man house this night abi
Hi
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩
My network no goo
Welcome
Hmm. Okay For agbele abi
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩ Watsup
Make we start na
Okay
Ok
Na she I Dey wait for
Still on still
If you are online say hi
😂
Wahai
People dey Start first Dem go come out
No meat
Look am well
Seen
This yoyr handwriting never change 😂
Is there anything else we can add
Na wetin I won talk I have to use rd and th eye look am
Na true na
Bro bottle water
Text joo
If na bottle water. That packs no go reach
We go buy like
Okay
I dey see Elle litres litres of Elle na k k oooo
No meeting 😂😂😂😂
Good night
Lol😂😂😂
I said of litres
God go run am No phor
Okay
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ up Barca 😂😂😂😂
@⁨~Richard😎⁩ up chelsea 😅😅😝
Waytin wuna dea talk for this group sef
Not at all sir
Wuna fit help me pay bah
That's my girl 💋
Eye dea pain u?
Oloshi 😂 Sheyb na question I ask u
Hi 👋
Nah me oo I dey pray for husband
Lol 😂....... Which husband u de pray for again
I think say u don marry already
Who dea?
Na dream u for reply me 😂
Joy u dea craze for this sticker
Abi oo
Na she be coordinator
Way Richard
I see the wayre and Solomon this Evening
We dea wait for u
I dey here bro
U way dey man house dey drink Jameson
Hell every one there is meeting tomorrow by pm thanks
Ok noted
Omo una no remind me
Dey play
You ppl shld pay o😂
😀😀😀😀
Esan owo yin o😂
Miofe wahala o😂
Make una pay
Country hard make una cancel get together
Yes oooo
Cancel my foot😂
Joy don ment😂
No meeting
You ppl shld sha pay
The rest no concern me
Pay your own first
Abi ooooo
No enter me o😂
Na advice I Dey give una nah😂
I go enter your sis
Advice ur self first
Esanwo yin o
Owo get together yin eyin omo buruku😂
Thank you🙏🤗❤️
Goodevening everyone
Y’all shld help me thank @⁨~siphon_luli⁩.I saw baba at Berger,he paid for my transport and even gave me extra cash
💃💃💃💃💃
Thank you @⁨~siphon_luli⁩
More blessings boss🙏
I cash out this night 😊
🦉🦉🦉
Xmeon students with big doings 🙌
Alhamdulilah
Why u dea like this sef ehn wayre
She no too get stickers
Ebami dupe o💃
Who e give money who dea dupe?
Ode😂
😂😂...
Better drop ur phone if u no know waytin u go type for this group Aran kan mi
Who collect ur bread?
Make I buy the phone ?
I need phone self
Na hungry
Sell the one way u dea use buy another one
I like your own
Ode😂
Lol 😂, wayre
I forgot to tell y’all he complimented me and said I’m a fine girl😂
You go chop swear now ur body go calm
Alaimore 😂
Ingrate 😂
Oga go sleep
The one way them dea tell u for sch u tell us
Joy na only this sticker u get?😂
Who be this frog
O stupid
Yes but o stupid ju mi lo
Shut up there !! You no Dey fear face
No ooo but e get waytin I dea fear 🤣
Eleyi tun deep o😂
Way JOY
She don go do one😂
Joy way no get boyfriend
But wait how many of wuna get BF for this group
Hellen Busayo Joy
Who tell u say I get bf? You don ever see me with boy before?
E get one guy for this group way dea post one girl for this group.... That thing way dea btw wuna na belle we go take know last last nd God no go let wuna see am comot ijn 🙏
Na men I dea always see u with
Amen in Jesus name 🙏😂
Better😂
We go know the pikin Xmeon😂
If them like make them name am Dayo or Olumide or Bola
Shey I lie ni wayre
Waytin dea wonder me be say wuna no get BF OOOOO but if e reach time to fuck wuna no dea carry last
You sha wan wound Egana
Who this one way him phone dea slow to reply msg
Na why I wan buy your phone
Ah joy Stoppit 😂
Walker go computer village bruh
Busayo is typing……………..
Your phone get grace over
Oya u don catch me Sheyb na waytin u wan hear be that 😂
So all this talk dey una mind and una no talk am.If I no see Senge today now how una for talk all this things😂
You and who😂
No follow me pkay rough play o😂
We no find u
I know nah shey u see say I stress ni
O better😂
Oga o😂😂😂
Way Hellen
Make una sha thank Senge first
Okay I dea come
Kojubelo😂
Na the same thing we dea talk
If u come sef na Wahala u dey find
Lol 😂
Wuna two dea ment aswear
Okay make wuna send the aza again I no ist see am
And trust us to feed you on our status😂
Check group info😂
E no clear for there
Make wuna send am here
Who be this ewu
Na we be media 😂
Ewo ni sef
💯
I dea wait account number I no see nah
Alaye park well jor
On top my phone and data ?
U no sabi say na .gb some pple dea run lowkey abi
Once them don manage buy phone for these girls body go dea catch them
First bank
E no clear wella
Lead by example
Make I borrow you my glasses ?
🏃🏃🏃🏃
Sharp abeg
The last time na person pay k for JOY, Now way money be k how u want make she use her money pay?
Ewo everybody shld get the fuck!!!!!
Better enjoy ur welcome treatment for house jeje
Anything Make she sha pay 😂
Ahah😂 Stoppit😂
Okay if Joy pay I go pay
Wetin Dey sub
Now now + messages
Ok o
You self waka see classmate
Who be ur classmate😂
Go sleep
Make I se d number egana
No foor my hand oo
Joy go abuse you
Oloshi 😂
Hahahahahaha 😂
Abi wayre ni e 😂 Joy
O stupid
Lol 😂
Lol 😂, Na my Gee ooo
I no even play Make una pay for this get together
All this guys sef Mtcheeew
Where u dey yesterday wey u no come group
I Dey my baby mama side
Abajo 😂
Help me pay baby girl.
Country hard abeg😂
🦉🦉🦉
Ok
Jesu
Oya na
Make una Dey pay
@⁨~O.B.F_Season⁩ he don open the floor
He Dey group description
Oga o
🚶🚶🚶🚶
I no understand you oo
You no understand pigin
Make I talk am for English
You go explain tire 🤣
O stupid you no one coke Abi
Come
If u no come,she pay😂
Dey play
Make e no come his lost cos fun go plenty
Na u I dey follow talk😂
Sha pay😂
If u like no come
Person wey go pay no go stress us
Ask Jay jay
Sir
He go pay na ballers of Xmeon
Them never type account number
Na the total amount he won pay
Dey play
You proud sha
Why you sef no copy am from there Ehn
Xmeon bawo 😂
Make I no cast you make I still keep quiet
Werey
I tire oOoOO
The one wey you come you no enjoy yourself ni
Fun way wuna wan get without say person go fuck one of wuna
None of them don ask me for money before na why
I be like who get babe 😅
GPU 😂
Born ko burn ni
😂😂😂
Description
If u no wan type no just type again
I fit swear for u make make something do u with all this nonsense way u dea perform since
first bank Rofiat akindele
Idiot na now ur day break
Ife Dey born una well make una no pay
Confirm
If them born u well make u nor get flat tummy before the get-together 😂
Sheyb u dea mad ni
Wooo make I no swear for you
O stupid
Dey play
Wetin con be your name
Ok
Y’all should help thank @⁨~O.B.F_Season⁩ .. he sent me k o 😅🌚
🦉🦉🦉
Thank you Jay 😅
🦉🦉🦉
But I thought we all concluded on k
Anyways… Jay don open floor make everyone follow suit
*Confirmed Payments* . Jamiu ✅
When you wan pay like this 😅
Titi January 😂
Na thesame flyer we used last year Dey dp…
Social committee Una no try o 😅
No oo
It’s another one jor 😂
This girl don high😂
My bad 😅
Olowo Eko🤗
Make una sha pay
Make he sha pay😂
You sef pay😂
Ahaha😂😂😂😂😂
I go pay but I don’t know when😂
Economy hard😂
You sef pay 😂
No pressure me😂
I never know wetin I go chop this morning 😂
Yes nah😂
Happy birthday
No phor
Helen pay ur money😂
Ogbomosho keh 😂
Thanks everyone ❤️
You are a very bad girl😂
Sha pay😂
I no Dey come get together. I go dey Ghana then.
Why u cover Richard face?
😂😂😂😂
Ahahah😂 Hope say u don buy Ghana must go sha
But still pay😂
Abi o
You Nko
I go pay na
Normal
😕
Airlin no send vn
What sef
Everybody Dey type e reach ur turn I wan drop album
I no fit type as I Dey so I Dey purge
Make una lemme
I won die 😩😩
Since mid night I don shit tire
Ahah😂😂😂
Sign of good living😂
You see😂
Na good living😂
God when😂
Stephen pay ur money
🤭🤭🤭
You sef know
Make una sha pay
Abi o
You sef pay😂
Make all of una pay 😂
God no go shame us.
You too pay.. all of you should pay kilode 😅
Amin o
Abi oo
U sure say no be our money u won use play sporty this weekend
Which kind clause be this?
Clause of I don’t know 😂
Nawa oooo make God nor let them use Stick block my face ooooo
U go purge till the date of the get-together ijn
See pot way dea call kettle black 🤣🤣🤣
DunDun shey u dea use person hotspot cause I no understand how u dea come online
U nd Hellen make wuna dea drink OGOGORO like Busayo so wuna belle fat drop reduce even if e nor fit flat
Decent man still Dey?😂
How she naked bro Steve?
Na me first ask
How she wan take decent ehn
How person go get big belle dea wear crop top ehn
Sheyb na girls way get flat tummy dem do crop top for?
Ahah😂
Stop dragging Helen nah😂
That’s wat they called self love
Self love abi madness
Even Joy way her belle no big reach Hellen own no dea expose her own anyhow
Okay Joy get low self esteem ba
Busayo own na cleavage she dea mostly display
Stop am ooooo
Na my padi be that oooo
Which one b rice boys again 🤣
Lobatan They have seen us finish 😂😂
You're slut shaming is you're having mouth
Like what concerns you ?
If she finds a decent man or not ? You decent ?
Nope bro...... Them get different things in common
Person way no sabi how e take dea do am
Make una dey live fake life dey deceive una selves
Did u say slut shaming?
Why don't u post such video online? Okay let me guess u don't have banging body
Who's living fake life here oooo
Over lowkey dea worry am ooooo this one no b cap
Me I decent die
Who be this 🤣
Shey God no won punish you how I take Dey naked
I don know say na insult she go drop 😅
Lol 😂
Where u see pant 🤣
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ you both are very stupid!!! Una no even get sense Wetin be the meaning of Wetin una Dey do una carry video from my post Dey talk rubbish come help me delete am I post for una Una go tell me
Waytin concern me if u delete am or not, u think say I send u
If u no sabi read better go collect teacher way go teach u how to read properly
Na that VN I wan hear
I dey church nah why I no talk again
Hellen wan drop album of the year
I no get una time for here fr
Which joy no Dey expose Dey play Na joy be boss
Even if u dea house e no get who u want enter btw the two of us
I talk am say na album she wan drop
Ode people
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣😂😂😂😂
Pele oooo
Seriously the thing no make sense
Jokes apart
U ppl shld stop
Helen no vex
You guys shld stop
Helen Joy Busayo Make una no vex
This level no make sense
This guys just dey find attention
Me ke😂
Wayre ni boboyi 😅
E no pure walai
Stop it
Ogbeni go sleep😂
Make I help her
Make una sha pay una money😂
This energy make una use am pay una money
You be fool 😂
Ehn ehn I don reach house Wetin una dey talk
Make una apologize to Helen o
Noted ma I no go do am again
I tire oOoOO
Helen no vex
Stop Stephen
This is getting too much nah abeg
Pay ur money Stephen
Pay ur money Egana
I can’t wait😂
Shey ur phone dea hang ni, way u nor fit check previous msg
She never talk say she need apology
Buy phone for my nau 🥺
Okay I dea come
😒 See mouth
Na k una go pay for the damages done 😂
Noted ma
Ode
Stephen and Egana
Micheal go add her back
Helen no vex
On behalf of the wavulence causer we are sorry
🦉🦉🦉
//, : - Busayo Sch: Ode😂😂😂😂 Apologize stop beating around the bush😂
She comot group how she wan see my apology
Micheal don add her back
You ppl shld stop fighting nah
No vex Helen.
Odabo I don go
Boda ode😂
Auntie werey 😂😂
Ewo stop fighting ooooooooo
Make una sha pay una money
Who start am
What right do you have to tell people how to dress?? Let’s all be guided. E no jig
Make una sha pay sha … I no want wahala
Like how can you even body shame someone on top Wetin
Na my own too be dat o😂
Na Stephen and Egana go scatter xmeon 😂
Stop sending vn ooo
Ewo ni gan sef
Una no fit spell 😂
Which one be hustle go 😂😂😂😂😂
Hustle go find get together money😂
Helen Dey record sing ni😂
Stephen u no well😂😂😂😂
You don mad finish
O stupid
Na them wey Dey do one mins for bed Sheybi your mouth Dey run Abi
Oloriburuku Omo
Did oo
Is that cruise to you?
Koshi😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I don tell u say make u nor vex
Shey make I drop my blood for ground before u gree
Hellen no one insulted anyone here, you're taking this shit personal........ U no sabi the meaning of backbite 😅😅😅😅😅. Shey u dea warn me or u dea tell me
Oya no vex again
My own be why you carry the video screenshot?
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ you no fit die well
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ I don know why you no fit get sense na you Dey use your hand do your sef ni
Cos your mouth go still put you for wahala no worries
E remain small
Make I no see you sha
Hellen u still dea vex?
Make I sha no see you sha
The two both of you
Who tell you say Dey go burial you
Dey play
My Love 😍
No vex Hellen, but to be honest that wasn't my intention....... I was just catching cruise but I never knew you would take it personal
Today's mission accomplished........ We move tomorrow 😅
Una go later scatter this get together
No worry
No vex ma 🙇🙇🙇
You be fool 😂
Make una dey calm down for here na
Olodo na English be dis abi pidgin😏😏😏
Lol 😂
Joy sef don carry her own come😂
🙄🙄
Waytin I do u ooo Joy
You sef See
Make una calm down
That is pure body shaming
That is how I felt when una Dey call say na cruise
Nobody body shame u joor
Abi oo see finish
Hellen no just start waytin don end oooo
Exactly
You don dea vex for me Joy
Una start Wetin una no fit finish
🦉🦉🦉
Who tell u say Joy dea vex?
Okay ma...... I'm sorry I did such 🙇🙇
No vex ma 🙇🙇
But Steve I need educate about girls with big breasts shey u hear
You be mad man 😅
No mind dem joor
Jaye lor
Me nd Joy no fit fight at all....... She's my baby 😍
Make una dey play
Na our venue be that
Oloshi 😂
Make I no drop sticker again ni 😂
Can't u jus watch without saying anything
Pay ur money oooo
E san owo yin oooo
You sef pay now
Check group description. If you no pay rest 😂
Una like wahala sha😂
Oga go rest
Pay ur moneyyyyyy
😁💪💘
😁
Make we do this one too soft . As that one go.
Make everyone pay before one month go over
🫶🏻🫶🏻🤲🏻
Madam go pay
Event planner
Make she help us plan this one too 🥰
Our Richard too 🙌
Hin wife just born
I go pay
Normal
No wonder na new born status I just deh view since . 😂
Good girl ✔️
And our other mummies so d day go sweet
Dey go pay
You ppl dey do ritual
Make he no come o if he no pay o
Normal now
Na true
God when 😂
I no fit finish one bottle of henessy😂
So I no want
If you no pay no even come ooo😂😂😂😂
Yes nah
So @⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ go tell your bf Maxwell
Michael pay ur money
Joy pay ur money
Country hard
🚶🚶🚶🚶🚶
*Confirmed Payments* . Jamiu ✅ . Milo ✅
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ Event planner.., Abeg try dey update this list
Make una sha pay
Ok ma
Busayo when u wan pay sef
You too know me😂
If I don buy Xmas cloth finish 😂
😅😅😅
Abi o Jesus first😂
Naso wuna dea do for here
Y’all on this group no Dey ever serious 😂
Nextweek na December o
I wan suggest something o
Ride on ma
I wan suggest make we choose lace🤗
With gele😂
Abi wetin una think😂
U no like Asoke
Stop nah😂
Una no Dey see my effort at all😂
Oga o😂
You no pay you Dey suggest
Dey play
I go buy shoe,cloth ,do hair ,makeup for the get together 😂
Omooo bills plenty o😂
Who u wan impress ooooo
All of una noni😂
u suppose lead by example oOoOO
Makeuna carry ringlight come o
She no be good leader 😂
Mich money dea ur Hand pay make u no dea stress us
Hahahahahaha 😂
Wetin bad make she say she go pay for all the girls😂
Yea nah😂
Who tell you say I never pay… I just no wan cast am
I wan vex pay sef but dem say make I no Dey vex 😭
There should even be discount for person wey dey keep money
Hmm 🤔
Your head dey there … 💯
Ahah see scammer😂
Airlin update the list Asap
Who say make u nor vex
Haa 😅
Nibo 😳😳
My pastor😂
Where Una dey see this laughing stickers 😅
*Confirmed Payments* . Jamiu ✅ . Milo ✅ .Rofiat ✅
Make she send her money give Busayo
I want Dey top of ppl wey pay 😂
Thank you egana 😂
Busayo & Joy na ur mate don pay so oooooo, I nor sabi waytin u dea wait for
Walai make I go work for site first😂
I don makeup my mind say I wan Dey top
Wayre re ooo 🤣😅
Chai😂
Na una go cook o😂
Top na we go be vip😂
Anybody way no pay no go enter venue ooooo
We go give gate man list ooooo
As wuna dea pay make wuna send passport join now 🤣🤣
We go do amala challenge o😂
Nibo 😳, we way no dea chop Amala nko
Wuna no fit do pounded yam challenge
Joy wetin nah 😂
I go dea top 😉
I get plans,na money I no get😂
Ehnehen 😅
You no pay you dey get plans
Go find work do u go see money Busayo
I just tire oooo
Haa… who did this?? No carry enter gbese o 😅
Make I do interview first😂
You don pay 😂
You don enter vip list
Na we wey dey top fit get plans 😅
U jus wake up
Him go pay today
But to be serious make una pay
Who u fight 🤣
U boss
Fool 😅
Like say e even get amu now I for no vex
I go send Joy come make she confirm if u get amu soon
Shey u get Chrome for ur phone
I wan go sleep
Later bro 😂
Person way no get money dea sleep
I never see sleep sleep for a week now
Steve way Ada?
Ur mama Ada nai I dea find 🤣🤣🤣
Joy jus do waxing recently so she dea reserve for now
Waytin u smoke this morning abeg
U dea live ur best life so ooooo padi mi
Wo u ppl shld stop sending ur picture here
Go post am for ur WhatsApp status
Why u Dey send video of u smoking here
Mtcheeew
You ppl noni
As I no mention name no concern you
Thank you
+ messages nobody drop payment slip.
😂
Na u we dea wait for
Lols
Pls send ur money oooo
Esanwo yin o
No vex😂
Long time baba mi 🥰
My bro How u dey
🦉🦉🦉
Fine o my brother …. Your side nko?
Fine
That day go lit Abi 💪
Una no Dey hear word
Mtcheeew
All of una wey Dey leave group don mad beyen 😅😅😅
Pls pay up
Who leave group?
Who be Ewatomi again
Make the rest wey Dey sha pay😂
Titi
Make una pay jare
Joy and Helen
Pay o
If u no see us una hangout abi na hangover no fit sweet😂
I go wear mask 😂
Na joy go later scatter xmeon😂
Make una sha pay
Make una pay
Micheal pay oooo
Dey are forming level
I Dey fight sapa 😕
See this one😂 You no leave group on Friday😂
Akinola titi
Commercial dept
We no go commot o
Me I no go even commot
Make una sha pay for we wey wan go the hangout😂
You sabi why ni
Pls pay ooooooo
Abi wat sef You ppl shld pay
Wo Helen no send vn
You don start o
You sef pay now
Make nobody send vn
Make una pay or get the fuck
You sef pay 😂😂
No reason me less o😂
Exactly 😂
Jesus first😂
Make someone pray for us
I wan go sleep
We go pay that one na smalll thing na bills wey plenty ni
Na why
Hmmm Abi hmmm
No be small thing for my side o Speak for ursef o😂
Money no con Dey again na God Dey help person Wahai
Lol ode
Help me pay baby
You sef pay
Abi o Cos na she say na small yhing🤗
Una no pay.. Una get mind dey type
Wahala na big thing oo abeg
U no pay, you dey type
Is the confidence for me 😂😂
Especially joy
She no pay she go Dey whine
Una go dey send stickers … Abeg make admin lock group
We wey don pay wan do meeting
Okay ma
Chai 😂😂😂
God when😂
I wan even pay sef
Wey acc?
Mtcheeew
Odaaro jor😡
I no wan hear anything from anybody again… fem 🤫
FIRST BANK
You no pay you dey disturb us wey don get rest of mind say we don pay 😅
🙌
This one na werey
Na we get the floor 😅
You fit talk anyhow
😂😂😂normal
+ msg and nobody send payment slip 😖
Aje!
Drop your slip make we go sleep.
If pple pay I go be number
So nobody drop receipt 😢
Make una pay oooo
Sha pay
Pay oooo
Una no wan pay😢
Drop receipt
Oloshi 😂
Waytin them wan use ur k do oooo
Joy😂😂😂😂
U Dey lie ni
Ment😂
U don smoke abi
Dey play
Una chop am
–
We don hear egbon werey
Foolish team
Una go just spoil Person ticket
If una don chop sporty come pay o
Werey Why u carry dem
Are you not proud of your team.
I'm bro
You and your team no Dey reliable.
See who's team they reliable
Make una sha drop receipt
U Dey find trouble 😂
Who be your fam?
Joy no matter waytin u do this time no guy go help u pay this year 😅
And if u nor pay them no go let u enter the venue not to talk about entering apartment
Wicked world
😂
Ilu ti Le se 😅
Abi u sef dea find who go pay for u ni 😂
Lowkey😂
But na me pay for mysef last year 🤗
Stray bullet 😅
Dey play
Una no see receipt oga o
Elesin 😂
I nor understand
Waytin I talk now ehn 😅
Shey them pay for u last year ni 😂
Me jus dea catch cruise 😂
Hahahahahaha the don catch you 😅
U don fall urself hand for group wayre 🤣
Go find receipt make we for believe u
Sha pay this one
Wicked world😂
Joy no answer egana again 😂
I dea ginger you
Waytin u dea hide way dea make u clear chat abi na gb ur phone be
SOLOMOM DEA SELL CHICKEN OOOO INCASE ANYBODY WAN BUY FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR
Na u sabi that one oooo
Over messages Una still no drop receipt .. I con dey refresh app since nawa o
Make una pay oooo
I won’t stop preaching the gospel
Pay up pls
Pls pay
Make una pay ooooooo
Send ur money ooooo
Send receipt oooooo
Una no gree pay
Stingy ppl
Sha pay o
Send ur money
We don Dey December oooo
Una no gree pay
Esan owo yin o eyin eyan mi
Pay too😂
E go soon collect allawee 😂
E go pay soon😂
All of una get money una just stingy to pay Shior 😂
No enter me o
I sha Dey preach Una supposed u dat one replace my k😂
Una no Dey appreciate person
Who tell u who Dey in charge😂
U nko?
E go reach 😂
I sha wan Dey top
Make nobody take my place o😂
Dey play😂
I no disturb group I Dey preach ni😂
Hostel bawo 😀😀😀
😂😂😂😂
E be like majority of us go serve oooo
Dey are coming before then na Abi not?
I don't think so ma
Which date be the get together sef?
Wuna never pay so them never decide
You don pay?
Ask Rofia
Okay bro.
Else Zenith Bank dea delay the transaction
Dey play
You and zenith Dey play
🙄🙄
No come here catch cruise
Na sha January we wan do am
We go pay na wetin we know be dat sha😂
Us😂
We go do am nothing go spoil
Sure
Dey play 😂
All of una broke ass
Una no get money to pay for get together
Oga fun yin o
Proud broke ppl
You way go make ur hair today but yo pay common k for get together dea hard u
If anybody mention my name I go slap the person
Mtcheeew😂
I don mentioned already 🤣
Broke ass ppl
Wuna never pick date na why we mo wan pay
Pay make you mute 😂
th
Anybody wey mention my name again na Wahala o
Broke ppl
Ur own date abi general date
All of una no get level
General
Level madam weldone 😂
Make una pay e hard una😂
Yes e hard! Say another thing 😂😂😂
I no go say another thing😂
Broke proud ppl 😂
We no do get together 😂😂😂
Dem no born una well😂
Na do or die o😂
Mtcheeew 😂
Ode😂
Oloshi 😂
The day wey I go pay e go be like dream for una eye😂
Mtcheeew
You sef pay😂
Broke class😂
I wan go sleep😂
Ehn😂😂😂😂😂
Na true o😂
Wetin I talk no good true true 😂
Iffa slap you
No pressure us abeg o😂
Jesus Jesus
Thank God for God
Jesus you're worthy
Joy aw Va
No vex oo
Why she go vex
Lol
Make una pay una money o
Stingy ppl
We go soon remove you seh😂
U no gree pay u go Dey send sticker up and down
Why😂
No look my own Be YOU😂
Abi how dem Dey talk am😂
The way it’s going
We probably be paying for some people
%
As long as it happens
No offense though
Pls let me be one of the people una go pay for
Pay for me oo
Na me first talk
Jay jay you know say I Dey your person
You wan see trouble abi
Na me first talk o😂
Dey play
See how una Dey fight for first broke girls 😂🤲🏻💔
Ask jay na
Ko mean😂
You wey say you don pay na Abi
No mind the werey😂
Offense bawo😂
Na because say we no talk about am no ginger
Na why
Just people don pay
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo .Jayjay . Biodun . Rofiat .dayo .Busayo .Deborah ( extra cool) .Egana Stephen . Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Senge .Anu .maxwell . Gbemisola . . . . .
See people wey won come e reach pay una no pay
The person who said this suppose be comedian 😂😂😂😂....
Let me talk to Milo and divide it among ourselves for one person
Pls make una pay for me oooo
Pls Allah will merciful you 😂
Why my name Dey number ? I no come again abeg😂
Na u and dayo dey together Snail and shell 😁
🙌okay mummy
Thief😂
Na where we Dey see una be dat
That one no mean say una go Dey follow me talk anyhow o
If una pay una pay niyen o
But pls don’t forget me wen u are trying to pay for others
T for Tenks 😂
Lol
Una go swear for me now 😂😂💔🤲🏻
Imagination wan wound you😂
This one wey Jay talk sef I no believe😂
Aswears
You sef know😂 Na me help una talk una mind😂
Who person go come pay for now ?
Pastor MRS
U Dey mad abi
it’s just one person ooo
Okay Busayo is out of it then because she’s a big girl big God... her status go far
Make una kuku talk say una no wan pay for me Make I go carry block for site tomorrow 😂
You Dey mad abi😂
Ahah😂
Better still pay half for people
U Dey find trouble o
You don Dey happy mood Abi 😂😂😂
He don use Molly😂
😂😂😂
You greedy joy😂
Na MDMA I take
He dey on Moli bro 😁
Okay ooo we no pay again ooo
Good girl😂
No do dat one o😂
😂😂😂
Okay Ma’am’s
Oya thanks boss
Make I still chill I still fit see person pay the remaining half😂🤗
Na God say make I never pay😂
Abi ooo
Make e donate
Kini nwi😂😂😂
Or put am for loud money
Dz girl mouth bad
Ahaha Wahala 😂😂😂😂
No smoking bro
Egana calm down nah😂
Make una stop all this thing Walai I no wan cry
Dem don dy curse me ooo
Na prayer jor
No mind him
Send the money give Rofiat make we mark half half Asap
Yes nah
Na me know wetin I go do
Make una no worry everybody
Egana avoid me for that get together o😂
Mtcheeew
Why u sef Dey do like say na u pack us put for here
I don die 😂😂😂
Send screenshot abeg
Richard wey don Dey on colos 😂
Oloshi 😂
Egana don dy make me fear ooo
But Na me know wetin I go
Make nobody foor
No fear I Dey ur back Who be Egana😂
Koshi
Mtcheeew
Send money jor
Who be all this boys ehn
😂😂💔
Why I go pay for you
Busayo and rejoice mouth no good at alll
EGANA NA ORACLE
Na Jayjay cause am Na him cause all this things😂
God ooo 😂😂😂
Dey play
😂😂😂
Weries 😂
I don laugh pa this night
Ogbeni no use talk cover am Pay the money wey u wan pay
If Jay no pay this money walah go sele o
Busayo Nko
Egana go sleep Jay send money abeg
Who be Busayo?
Kilomu eleyi😂
U don ment😅
Dey play
Jay don japa😂
Case closed😂
Joy nothing for us😂
Make I give up😂
If u nor get data use person hotspot
Ewo make we Dey serious
Deadline for payment na st o
Make we do meeting na
And for real make una contribute
Egana 😂😂😂😂😂
No payment no entry ⛔️
Ajeh 💯
Pay admin
Oga go pay
Very necessary
Admin pls send account so I can send back una money… all these messages and nobody drop receipt.. make una pay Abi what sef 🌚
Access Adedeji
Send here @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩
Send here OPAY 😂
How many of you be Admin abeg 😅
Na only me oooo
Who use u do admin sef
Na me jare
Dey play
Na me jare Rofiat
Rofiat u supposed don see our money wey Jay wan pay for me and Joy
Ah😂
Na k my money remain like that
😂😂😂😂
You no get bf ni. You just dey disturb here
Bal b/f Abi😂
Yes we no get
Make una go get
You Dey find wife?
No
Yes o😂
Oya Oya 😂🤗
Make all of una sha pay
Micheal shey allawee never enter ni?
Joy u sef send ur balance 😂
We go pay no use ur mouth talk negative thing😂
Me I don pay half na half remain
Na still st nah😂
Ah werey😂
Na to Dey enter una dm one by one now
Abeg where Deji Dey😂
Jovial,Toyosi
I no even sabi their number for group sef
Make una pay
Abeg if una get jovial and Toyosi and Babatunde number abeg dm and help us ask dem wassup
Where Deji
Maxwell too
And those wey Dey shoutvsaybdem go come this year
Elenu ni gbogbo yin o
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩ only una plus messages
I go slap u
Joy and busayo Na u people dey disturb this group And u people never pay People wey pay self no dey talk
Na them two get this group ooo
Who collect this one bread
Na Man u 😁
Lol 🤣, so u be Chelsit Fan Na ground u suppose sleep tonight
How to take know Na group I won sleep self But sleep no gree come 🤧
Chelshit*
Go drink OGOGORO
I no see
U never ready
Hope say u no play sporty sha
Bro dey the touch me ajeh
Nop
Happy birthday to our treasurer @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ may this day bring you happiness and blessings ijn have fun ❤️🎊
Good morning guys make una leave cruise aside make una pay let’s see screenshot time don Dey go o make we fit pay for our venue down abeg then other things follow God will provide for us all
Lead by example
Happy birthday @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ Enjoy your day💯
I go pay fr soon money never Dey ground ni
Okay baby
Oga rest! If you no pay no Dey disturb group jare
Lazy corper sha don collect k 😂😂😂
You are wicked 😂😂😂
You go make me father of the day Abi
Lol 🤣😉🤣 Make I send am
Send Wetin
Azarilu
When I Dey March under sun you help me Abi. Dey play
Mich go use your money carry ashawo or use am smoke loud lowkey
Thanks boss
I was there in spirit with you
//, : - + : Lol 🤣
You don take Am personal 😂😂😂
Mich no mind Joy oooo she get money for hand
Before I spend ur k remember how u dea inside sun
Na ur account e dea no come dea give us bobo here
Any day way u pay me sef go pay
Na u come sabi
Way ur receipt for the half
Na st be deadline for payment o
I no like as all of una Dey do
Na only few of us don pay
Oga o
🦉🦉🦉
Pay your own and lock up
Make you rest
Dey play
Joy and Busayo make wuna pay make we know say wuna don comot
Me I don pay half na Joy make una face o
Way ur receipt
Una no get believe 😂
Wuna no want make this Get Together hold but God no go gree for wuna
Nibo way them dea deny evidence this days
Yes nah😂
Don’t worry sha God pass una
I no understand this half payment way wuna dea drag
I go pay any day way u pay wayre 🤣
Who dea sticker way be like who hungry dea worry
Eyin onigbese Esan owo yin oooo
Wetin happen?
We no fit pay for you ooo
As una no gree pay E good o
IPade wa o Meeting dey ooo
Oga shey you don shayo ni
You ppl shld sha pay
Good afternoon everyone
Pls I think we shld all talk about this get together stuff later today around pm
Copy
Hello
Good evening
If you are here drop and emoji or sticker or anything sha
Pls how far with the get together?
Dey never pay you wan plan
Make una sef pay
U nko?
The reason y I’m asking is bcos I chatted Toyosi she said she is not coming
Only Babatunde said he will come and attend
I no get jovial contact
Micheal u sef chat Deji and ask him if he will attend
E Dey group now
Make he talk here why I go chat him?
Oh ok
I no know
Make we know those wey wan come
@⁨Deji Sch …. 😎😎😎⁩
E get one name wey dem write out den
Names of those wey wan come
Most people no wan talk and I no fit Dey beg anyone. Before December st any money wey Dey available we go use am plan.
🦉🦉🦉
No vex senior man 🦉🦉🦉🦉
😡
Abi na
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo .Jayjay . Biodun . Rofiat .dayo .Busayo .Deborah ( extra cool) .Egana Stephen . Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Senge .Anu .maxwell . Gbemisola . . . . .
Na kuku the list be this
Which venue we wan use
Make we sabi the price.
E no pass like that
Na that venue na
The previous one
How much Milo talk sef
Yuusf talk am himsef say he go come we no see him brake light again
Even Gbemi
If una no Dey talk make una talk make we know how we wan plan
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ update maxwell too
Those wey no get interest make dem talk so we can reduce our cost and for better planning
Cos as I Dey look una no talk anything again since all this days
And Deborah too
Deji too
Biodun too
All of una wey Dey ghost
It’s not by force o Talk so we can know how we go budget cos e don be like say na just few of us Dey always talk for this group
@⁨+ ⁩
No vex 🦉🦉🦉👏
If u have Yusuf number abeg help me tag him
We don hear When u go pay nah
@⁨~+ ⁩
Abeg help me tag gbemisola too and bobo abeg
@⁨~Bobby🖤⁩
If we no hear from them between now and Wednesday We gats reduce our cost and remove their names from the list
No vex Boss
Bobo came last year so bobo go still Dey na the new ppl wey wan come.If we no hear from dem we go remove dem ni no cap
Are you still in?
Dayo too
Make Helen update Dayo and ask her if she is in
I am not coming 🦉🦉🦉🦉 I won't be available
Let us know if u guys are still in So we go know say at least before st una go pay
No Wahala
🦉🦉🦉🦉
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo .Busayo .Deborah ( extra cool) .Egana Stephen . Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Anu .maxwell . Gbemisola
We Dey wait for the rest make dem talk o
I already dm some ppl sha
E be like say gbemisola don exit the group
I won’t be around jare
Yes
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde Yusuf deji .Anu .maxwell
Ok nah
Which half😂
Dey play
Abi make we commot ur name too😂
No be me write the names 😂
I go commot am now 😂
E remain Yusuf wey I need confirmation from
Bouncer go bounce u 😂
Make person help me tag Yusuf oooo
Pls someone shld help me tag Yusuf oooooo
How u know?
Ok
@⁨~siphon_luli⁩ Even if u no come Send ur money cos no be we say make u no come o
No mind dem😂
Ajeh😂
Abeg wey jovial
🦉🦉🦉
My brother will see to it @⁨Michael⁩
Dey play
🦉🦉🦉
🦉🦉🦉🦉 😀😀😀😀
I never sabi if I Dey come
Ennn 🦉🦉🦉
Shengbo 😂
Sha pay The rest no concern us
Why I go pay make una Dey play
Y u no go pay
If u like no come Sha pay
Lol😂
He's not around
Ok
You sef pay
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde Yusuf Anu maxwell
As he no dey
So na ppl
I still wan confirm Yusuf before I go commot him
I'm not around too
Ode
U just know say u no Dey around ni
Sha pay
I've been around since but something urgent came up, so I won't be around for a while
What of dayo She no dey talk too
Sha pay
She go pay
U go dea send wayre sticker
Na part of the money I dea use sort something out currently
Ok but u go still later pay sha
I go try sha
Joy go let wuna know of time reach
Why she no talk Shay u be dayo
Some still dey think say Wetin happen the last time no happen again If them no pay them go come
She be boss o
Anybody way no pay no go enter venue not to talk about apartment
The funniest thing na say na Yoruba pple dea do that thing for this group
No be una fault😂
Na so na
Make all of dem sha pay
If person way no pay go come and ur people no talk It either we scatter am or make the person go If u people still insist na to return money be that No fight church Just pray and say amen for my own side
Who vex you Richard😂
Nobody As people won dey claim level way them no won talk
Oga pay ur money
Wuna go dea drop voice nd shishi no dea pocket....... Na only Rofia, Milo nd Jayjay get right to change am for anyone for this group
The rest of wuna raise voice eni yen ma gba epe nla
Oloshi 😂, u get village
Sure
I go send money make una calm
Ode😂
Ok nah
Emergency kill u there 🤣
We dea wait for u sir
Make una no vex oooooo I will come and am interested I will pay very soon
Ok
Paid my phone no fit screenshots
Ogbeni no whine us
Wayre 😂
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde Yusuf Anu maxwell Gbemi
Use person phone snap am
Okay I go try
So na only Yusuf I need update from
U guys should pick date so I can knw if I will come or not My location far na Ondo I dey so I go fit knw if I will b free dat day
Well I'm interested in coming if I'm free dat day
Na January
First week
Check your schedule
Omo he go tight ooo Atleast third week should be fine na
Like ,, like dat sha
th
That’s the date
This is the official date guys
First Friday of Jan
Airlin Hwfa update Dayo
Make we know wassup
If she is still in or not
But I think say you knw everything about her
As per who I be? Her PA or wetin?
@⁨~Ololademi Ashake⁩ Are you in or not?
And someone shld pls update Yusuf
Cos some of dem are actually seeing this msgs witout replying.Una Dey ghost.Y’all aint sha better than all of us
Na true nah😡
Me I just need to know so I can update the list.So we can know how much we will generate
Abi o
Ah Dey play😂 Na normal thing I Dey do jare oga mi
Mah die cos Una wan do get together
So nobody know Yusuf number for here
Dey play
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .michael .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde Anu maxwell Gbemi
So far ppl confirmed 👍
You remove Yusuf Abi
Yes
Remove me too oo. I no Dey come
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde Anu maxwell Gbemi
I don make you group admin
You sef Dey talk
Na u cause am
Cause Wetin?
U allow am be be admin
Na me give am the admin
If na Wetin him want be that
Good afternoon guys
I’m not sure yet ni jare if I will be able to come
But if I will be coming I will let you guys and then send my money
Why Solomon dey self @⁨~Godsaves⁩
U sef pay
Me I go pay before st sha
Ode😂
Una sure say this get together go hold so?
Omoo… I don’t think so
Make we refund …
O Ti lor
This time last year, people already made payments
Abi make we reduce am to k make we buy wetin e reach buy
Funny how y’all promised that this year will be better and more fun
If u wan high go buy alcohol for outside 😂
Abi o😂
As Micheal don talk say him no Dey come
We go pay na
Tor 😅
Make una help me ask why Micheal say he no Dey come
Abi😂
Make we cancel
k isn’t much honestly
Na wetin he talk ajeh
Yes
Me I go pay na wetin I know be dat
Make una help help me ask Micheal first
Na you I Dey wait for.
I don even commot camp
Abi o
We know
Why u say u no Dey come
I even dm him to ask he no reply me
My eyes don see shege ontop this get together 😂
Oga o
Micheal are you not coming for real
I Dey joke 😅😅😅😅
Make una pay
Naso corper dey do?😂
Oga o
He go come
Even if na that st gangan I go pay
Make rejoice and busayo pay
Why st
And I already dm some ppl too They said they will pay I go still dm dem today
Why u call my name😂
Una go pay.. since., time don Dey go 🙄
We go pay jor
I go even carry ringlight come
Make we rock yansh
We go do TikTok plenty
Plenty games don Dey down for una
@⁨~Bobby🖤⁩
@⁨~Godsaves⁩
Joy sha pay
@⁨~Richard😎⁩
No cap😂
@⁨~+ ⁩
Imagination wan kill all of una but you never drop money . Dey play my fans
@⁨~Sc.⁩
See na because of how things be we go pay make una no foor
Kai now😂😂😂😂
Make una pay ooooo
We go pay
How far bro
Na all of dem I don dm
When
Money never de na why
I go still dm dm dem this night again
If u sha no pay,no come Kojubelo
But if una no go come,make una pay😂
No reason me o😂
No enter me o😂
But ahead of dat we will start to share something’s among ourselves as usual
Why I no reason you Both joy and you
@⁨~Sirnexco💫⁩
@⁨habephe⁩
But that will be on Sunday
Anchor 😅😅😅😅
Richard when you go pay make I find my money too
I go list this things wey we go need voluntary donations for.So on Sunday we will all pick wat we want to donate
No be voluntary sef 😂.Na by force by fire😂
Una never pay una wan dey volunteer. Okay
Stop it 😂😂😂
Ask your bf for money no Dey complain here
U no even get believe in dem😂
No Dey list. Na every day you Dey post bone straight 😅😅😅
Dey play😂
Oga pay
Ahah kilo mean😂
I no get
Sorry my bad 🥹
I for say make I pay the k now but wetin I go dey chop🥺😢
You be my bf na
Next week my God grace I get one labour work I won go do starting from tomorrow na after the work them go pay me
God go provide
Send am joo
Werey 😅😅😃
Yes na
Stop it 😂😂😂
Shengbo😂
I sha no wan hear story
Say after me THIS GET TOGETHER GO HOLD AND NOTHING GO SPOIL AM😂
If you no pay no come oooo
Kojubelo oooo
Pls insummary Pay up Thank you
Ah I no know say Micheal sef fit Dey serious like this o😂
Stephen 😃😃😃😃
Na God say make I listen to the vn finish o You no fit Dey serious 😂
Why
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ be serious
Why you no come 🥹
Make nobody whine us let us know
This isn’t a joke
Ok
I Dey come ikeja on Monday. I go drop your pass
Stephen be serious
I no want whining
I have updated the list of those coming
@⁨~Blessing Saanu Omoyeni⁩ if you no come you go drop something
Na this one wey Stephen dey talk I no understand again
💯
Mtcheeew
Who be that😂
Alaye 😂
Una no Dey ever Dey serious😂😂😂😂😂😂
adviser helper 😃😃
Leave am😂
Micheal who do wedding wey u see?
Shey no be me sha😂
Dem plenty
Lowkey
Why u dey tyoe am in capital letter sef😂
No come nah😂
Na baby we Dey see for status
Congratulations Sha pay
Otilor niyen😂
You no get data 😅
I never see the money commot no vex 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mtcheeew
Werey re o😂
But if this our hangout no later hold, e go pain me coz I don forfeit some things for us
🙄🙄
Who go pay back
Chai😂
My own be say I don too make mouth 😂
You wey dey owe palmpay still wan borrow money 😅
We nah
E go hold mama
Make we write letter to Director 🐒
Shey director don chop 😅😅😅
Olumide go bill you join 😅
He be like say one money dey ur hand dey dey scratch you way u won spend abi
Leave am make he dey play
Kai nah😂😂😂😂
Director nko?
Wetin be this bayi 😂😂😂😂
Director supposed don make am with all those him werey beatings and shouting 😂
😂😂😂😂😂
Una no even rate una teachers
God go punish dem plus Solomon
Pele rate updater
Director beat me my jacket tear😂
He don marry
Na olumide never marry
Yes na Na banker na Last time way I see am na fcmb for island I see am
Yes
E no teach again
Nop
Good for him.
Na so
Who Dey see Mr Segun
I dey see am once once
Shey him dea collect reach k monthly
Go ask am
Werey eyin omo yahoo yi sha
Ur papa
He dey Facebook
Send me him handle
Ur Daddy
I go ask am e nor get waytin him fit do at all...... If worse come to worse e go block me
E be like say God won punish you U no knw he name bi
I no sabi him surname na why
Go under Mr olumide name for Facebook He go dey there
I knw no
I no sabi Mr Olumide surname
Make una leave all this people 😂😂😂
Go die Till when u guys see Follow am talk I no get time for rush bro
No that year them dea beat person like say them go don make am by now
People way dey mad I no knw wetin concern them with there former teachers
Na that ur uncle way them dea call Joseph I dea pity now
U no till change U still stubborn like before😅
Lol 🤣
I remember the day way we no do assignment way Blessings and Michael follow too, way e wan kill them with cane
Where e Dey sef
I dea see am for wuna house na sometimes e be like one of him eye get problem
Omo! E almost kill me
Chai…. E don tey wey I see am
Hmmm It is well Make I no talk pass that one
Try go see am if u dea lag oooo
Person way no fit knw Say he come unless he hear him voice
I Dey lag but I no Dey see am oooo😅😅😅
Oloriburuku 😂
God go help everyone
Amen oooo
Oga greet very well
E kill me oooo
No be that man wey I change am for ?
Lol 🤣
Which uncle 😂😂😂
Okay I go try
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Waytin be this one
Busayo pay before you carry money go outside again
I don Dey outside already😂
You no quick talk😂
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Happy birthday @⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ more life boss 🙏💯
My guy thanks
@⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ more good life
Thanks babe
Una wey Dey this group no get level
To pay come hard una
SMH
No mind dem
But you sef pay 😂
I go sha pay latest st
Make we sha do Jesus birthday finish first😂
Airlin oooooo
Elenu ni gbogbo yin
I know those wey go pay
How far
And I know those wey no go pay
But make I play along😂
I know
For where?😂
E go good sef
Ah para😂
Ewo make una sha pay o
Mtcheeew
Una Dey vex me sef
You Dey para you never pay
Dey play
At least others shld talk
Make we know say dem still Dey with us
Goodevening oooo
I don come again o
Make una pay o
Send screenshot here
Make una stop whining
No problem
Problem Dey
MaKe you pay
Haha 😂 I go pay before Christmas 🙏
Goodevening oooo
You ppl shld pay ejor nah
Pls nah
I will pay next week by God’s Grace
Ok
Pls the rest shld talk
Pls nah
This thing is not a one man thing
Pls my people
As una don turn witch and wizard na to Dey beg una😂
Esanwo yin
Pay eyin eyan buruku 😂
U go come back well
Sha pay
U fit send money from Jerusalem nah
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Today na December nd.
Lols
Start from anywhere
Dey play
Make una carry una babe commot ooo. Una don do boju boju reach now 😂😂😂
//, : - + :
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩
@⁨~Richard😎⁩
How far bro
Pay now
I go pay I never collect labour money
I never still see receipt nawa ooo
Mtcheeew
Sha pay
After u sir
My boss never pay me
Same here sir
Good brother 👌
Haha na joy be this o 😂
Chaiiii good person
Bad person ni e
Sorry for late response i dey forget before ni 🙏
No be so o 😂
Tunde u be good person
Thanks jare bbe🥰
Tunde I Dey Lagos
Ehn which side you dey
Fun mi ni location
We go talk na 📥
Safe 💯
@⁨~No $tress⁩ wey you my brr
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ pls update the payment list
Wey the list?
U sef update am nah
Na only three ppl don pay
Una no get level at all
If u no sha pay No come
Pls someone shld get through to Jovial
We are making progress
No be only Jay and milo pay before?
Oh and Rofiat
Yes
We are making progress
Mtcheeew
So me I no pay Abi?? Tor . Make una remove my name
No vex mama
Na mistake alaye😂
All this rich ppl sef
Make nobody whine me for here o … na we get floor
Ahah Agba🙌
Ogbeni u don come with whining
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi
God when
See as una arrange my name… person wey don pay since o 🌚
Oga pay or make you rest
Calm down nah😂
We sef go pay 😂
Life na turn by turn 😂
A quick one
At Omoyeni Blessing,even if u no Dey show,you must pay
Thanks
The rest of you shld pay o
Eyin onigbese gbogbo
@⁨~Sirnexco💫⁩
@⁨~Richard😎⁩ @⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ @⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ @⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ @⁨Michael⁩ @⁨+ ⁩ @⁨~Ololademi Ashake⁩
Why u remove am?
Abeg help me add am 🥲
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
Na colos 😂😂
Make una pay
Ahah 😂 Sha pay
Paid
@⁨~siphon_luli⁩
Senge wen u go send ur money?
You ppl shld tell us wen u intend to pay
Stephen don say if he don see him boss phone sell😂
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ pay
Na mistake boss
U don pay???🙄
E Dey tag people and she never pay
She get mind sha
You be bad person 😂
I just dey look her
After you and Mich pay
U wan thief ur oga money abi
Oya e don do
No spam group
We don update am
You just dey wake Abi 😂😂😂
Wahai
I won pay
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Sent
Send screenshot
Her phone no dea screenshot
Make she sell am
Una wey go Dey type sent wey be say una no send money No collect curse o
Na joy be Olori of this thing Na swear I go give her next
You no pay 😂😂😂
Fake
Oloshi 😂
I no believe 😂
I be wan vex pay before I see say na nonsense
Am I dreaming😂
Na fake oooo
Joy u sure say no be editing sha😂
She no pay 😂😂😂
Walai I no trust you😂
U go bomb ni 🤣
See as all of us Dey doubt you 😂
Joy no pay anything oooo
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ help us confirm
Send debit alert
You Dey do auditing? You wan do fraud 😂
Person no pay u dea call Dundun make she check waytin she no go see
See as all of us Dey doubt you😂
Ah😂
U go forget ur birthday
Joy wan run us street😂
Trust u ke 😂
Werey😂
Wayre re oooo
Na Joy go scatter xmeon
Be like all of una wan see Wahala 😂
I no understand
E be like u no read ur accounting wella for sch
Na debit alert make u send
Yes nah😂
Shey ba credit I come send ni
This is different Joy
Mich I don send money oooo
Him don die abeg make he rest well
Where Rofiat sef Dey😂
Ur own dea clear say na fake oloshi 😂
Na ur papa no go see sleep sleep for where him dea 😂😂😂
Make una stop this thing abeg
And na dat werey joy start this thing o
Busayo me don pay ooo I no wan hear anything na Zenith I take do tf
No vn jare
Senge
Good guy
All of una see una life
No be fake
I no understand so me way pay na bad person 😂
Tbis one na real na
You no see sent
No be everybody go resemble you and egana😂
My own na waytin
U no see will be processed to Rofia Akindele
Oga send
Shey this one dea mad ni
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
Make I pay money twice
Wuna no tick my name oooo
U dey find trouble😂
No girl don pay
Una Dey do anyhow
Una no get level
Chai
Come we go scatter group oooo
Make I open floor ?
Pay alaye😂
Why you never pay
Make wuna tick my name nah abi waytin be this one
Wuna no go check time way I do am ni
Ahah 😂😂😂😂😂
Why na my name u mention😂
Joy don pay oo
Joy pls pay for me😂
Lol 🤣
Make I pay too
Oya🙌😂
Joy abeg pay for me
So na my own come be fake wuna go forget venue on that day se 😅
Asap
Werey pay
Resend am abeg
Walai me sef wan vex
Wayre make I pay twice or waytin
Who tick Joy name??
She don pay check
Ahah 😂
If u nor pay today Busayo no ever talk for this group again
Who paid??
Ahah Abeg nah 😂
Senge
Na she be Olumide Emmanuel??
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Wayre 😂
Rest jor 😂
Joy never pay oooo
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ confirm 😂😂
Chai😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol 🤣
That girl na werey
Joy to scam wa
Joy wan see craze😂
See ur mate😂
Good
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ see wetin ur mate Dey do😂
So wuna get money dea hide am since
Wayre ni gbogbo yin
Someone shld pay for me🥺
Rofia never confirm ur money so rest
Me me k Dey mind I just rigged am pay ni
Wahai
Send the remaining k😂
Go bill am again he go do another j
Dey play oo
Rofia u never see me and joy money ni
God pls provide for me too😥
Yes she never see our own payment
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩ pay jare
Me way no dea Lagos 😂
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi Senge ✅
Where make I see money
Lol them never see Joy money ooo
Rest abeg😂
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ shey she don pay
Joy them never see our money oooo
Which kind wahala be this ehn
She she no pay ni
Ajeh 😝
U go bomb ni 🤣
That girl na scammer
Aje se 😅 big one oooo
Ah na true😂
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ no mind dem,dem be haters😂
Me I trusted you from the beginning
Ur papa too 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Me nd Joy don pay oooo
Una Dey abuse una papa Weldone ☹️
Omoo.., una money don dey enter my eye o
Joy boss 🙌
The rest shld pay o😂
Mark joy name before she kill us
The reserve the money na why
You Nko
Spend am baby
Rofia never confirm money oooo
//, : - Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy: Oloshi😂😂😂
Lol 🤣
Woo if @⁨Busayo Sch⁩ no pay and she talk for this group say make you pay I go chop you raw
Send your money planner
u never receive my money
I swear to God
Pls y’all shld take it easy on me😂
Ok boss😂
I say Joy never pay se
Ok😂
Oga pay
Make rofiat talk
Ah😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂💔
Waytin be this one oooo 😅😅🤣🤣
Who we wan believe like this😂
Omooo I don laugh,I don tired😂
Wahai me sef
Me sef wan die here se 😅
Una no use whining kill me
Pele my dear😂
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ if u no see Joy own u go Sha see mine
Busayo go pay
Ewo😂
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ you must come oo
What sef😂
@⁨Michael⁩ oga send your money
Na by force? Make he sha pay 😂
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
Pay up
We should don book the apartment na
I swear
Okay ma
Only if u promise to kiss me
Oya
You go collect am for there
//, : - Busayo Sch: @⁨~No $tress⁩ with the apartment
Joy bawo
Wayre wan use kiss trick me
She don pay
You go come na
U no see alert ni
Why Micheal dey delete the msg
Joy don left group
Which kind thing be dat
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩ Dundun never comfim money U dea tick Joy name
Na me na
She don pay wetin happen
E don do
I tire oooo
Me sef go commot group if I don pay 😂
Oga pay
Be like naso rich ppl dey do😂
God won punish you
Micheal update the list back
Make una pay
Naso😂
She don go use how money flex😂
Odun ti set fu rofiat seh
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ you no pay you Dey gaz
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
When you pay
Make rofiat confirm 😂😂😂
She don pay alaye
stop na
Na play Rofiat Dey play
Fimile 😂😂😂
Haffa baby
We go commot you 😂
Oya 😂😂😂
//, : - + : Shey egana normal like this
She no play oooo
You no get respect 😂😂
@⁨Michael⁩ why u delete my msg
Wahai
You Dey do rubbish
U dea mad abi
Shey Rofia tell u say she no see my money
Them never see ur Money oooo
Dey no see your money
You Dey run mouth
Leave am
If una no believe me again ehn… Una money don go be that
Na lie se 😅
Thunder fire her
I don die 🤣🤣😂🤣🤣
Tor😂
Na u we go ask nah 🤣😂😂
Ahah😂
You no send money 😂😂😂
Abi u dea mad 🤣😂😂
Busayo go edit that list ooo
Make we no fight ooo
Na fake be this wayre 🤣
No be fake
Who br This one 🤣🤣😂
Na network
But network no hold Hellen 🤣🤣😂😂
Dey play
Abi Joy and Dundun get beef way we no sabi 🤣😂😂😂
Money no enter
Joy you mad gan oooo 🤣😂😂😂
Ogbeni rest jare
Wetin u dey talk
U jus dea make me laugh for here 😂😂🤣🤣
Why that one Dey commot group
Una get pride sha 😂😂😂
Waytin do this one now
Na network
She go see am
She no pay wuna dea update list
Them wait till we see am
She no see am
Why u dey talk beef Naso una go Dey create enemies
Oga no take am serious
Na nonsense she do
I no jus understand oooo
Abi e truly get waytin dea sup way u Kno way we no know because I no understand ur enemies way them dea create
It could be network issues. I haven’t received it yet. I no get beef with nobody o
Why she dey leave group na
🦉🦉🦉🦉
No mind that Egana Mtcheeew
Na network
She get wahala
Shey na pride Abi Wetin vex which one
I no see why she go leave group
Na senge send am. Leave olumide 😂😂😂
Oh ok
Busayo na u dea do like crayfish aswear
Even if she don pay and we say she no pay., no be cruise everybody dey always follow her catch?? Why she con dey leave group
Me I sha never see money
How person wan answer this question now because if I talk na Busayo go talk waytin I no understand again
Dey go reverse am for her back
Make me sef leave group
Yes leave group
Busayo suppose chop plank for head on that get-together day aswear
But I go lock up
Ogbeni
Ment 😂
Waytin do ur voice
Abi ooo
She Dey send fake ss
Lol 🤣
No be fake
Ogbeni we go catch cruise anyhow we want u no fit tell anybody how to behave
No be fake na
But why First bank dey show yesterday’s date for today’s transaction… I no con understand again o
You sef see
Mich abeg 😂🤣🤣
So na network
Ahh… she don pay be that maybe na Opay network. It will definitely be reversed
Which one be far
Yes na or he fit still enter your side too
Ogbeni make all of una rest
We no sha want fight
🦉🦉🦉
🦉🦉🦉🦉🦉
I no talk leaving group
Na that statement of beef I Dey talk
The beef part was cruise joo
He no mean am na
Shey joy no Dey catch cruise
Na all of una sabi
Make anybody sha no fight
Make una calm down
Na today I confirm say na mad people full this group
Cause WTF
Werey wa le seh
Hope I no Dey among sha
No gree for anybody oo!!😂😂
Dey calm down
Na u gangan be No.
Be like u dey craze
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩
See mind wetin u dey talk o
Ewo ni werey
Omo
Una don start
E don tay way I dea craze normally but u no sabi say u sef don mad before
If una no fight 😂😂😂
Abi God wan punish you sha
Same way e go punish u 😅
Make una fight
Omo why una Dey take something wey no go far like this
I swear una Dey fuck up
Sheyb e get who u dea feed for here u go tell me..... E be like mad dog don bite u before way them no treat wella
Matter wey no go far 😂😂
I swear
Mumu talk
Busayo sef don commot
Who wan commot again
Una don mad
Anybody way add God go kill the person
On top beef
Amen 🙏
🦉🦉🦉🦉🦉
🦉🦉🦉🦉
Cruise oo
With or without them we go do get together
Ur voltage 🤣
So make Dey no even feel important
Omo una Dey always fuck up make una try Dey read and understand well before una Dey talk anyhow
E no reach this left we una Dey leave group oo
Any small fight na left 😂😂
I don laugh tire
For harmless matter ehn
Make them Dey leave
Who wan leave again?
The talk no go far Wahai
Now I believe say something dea btw Joy and Dundun way she sabi way we no know for this group cause wtf
Anyhow e be everybody go dey alright.
Una fit kill person
Haffa make we continue our love now
We stop before
Yes 😂😂😂
Lol 🤣, eyan ofo
Wuna stop to dea do the do 😂😅
Na break we do
Make we continue baby
Abeg make wuna go dm oiii
Jealous man 😂😂😂
Jealousy
Make the rest pay make we go pay for apartment abeg
Egana hope you Dey come sha
Na me and him that day 🤭
Hahaha 🤣😅
I never know ma
Mi o foo, la ko ni mo wa bi ibon
Werey
Sha go tell ur frd say she overreacted 😂
Make Rofiat pay for her friend
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ dayo no come?
Who be that??
She go come but she go pretend now like say she no sabi say we wan do Get-together because make she no pay
Busayo of course
We go fight 🙏😂😂
Tor
Oga na you go sha add am
Na why people no Dey talk for group. Una go dey do say power Dey una hand any small issue you go commot group
Make me sef ghost for group 😂😂😂
No try am ooo
Asin 😂
The matter tire me
Make nobody Dey form boss here
@⁨Michael⁩ add up joy and Busayo
No whine me ooo
You be admin now
Make una follow them talk
I just want make everything Dey
I don follow Buxy talk… make una add am
Abeg, we’re adult here. Let nobody reason anybody anyhow. E no jig aswear
Someone no too like cruise go far but make una Dey get patience too
Rofiat you be admin too now
Add am
Admin ke
😅
Who use me do Admin?? 😅
Any everyone be admin like this
You fit add anyone
Wahala
Why @⁨Michael⁩ go curse person wey go add them 😅
I swear na why gan gan 😂😂
I won add them na the crude Dey fear me
Network 😂😂
Probably network.., instead make una calm down, una dey fight
Abi oo
Na wa for una o… use better bank you say no 😅
Good 👍
@⁨Michael⁩ reverse the curse make una add them back o 😅
Add them yourself
Please sir
Give them group link now
Una just dey make me laugh 😅
Make peace with one another
Life no reach like this
Dea play @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ 😂😂😂
And learn to be patient abeg
I no Dey put person for mind as I Dey so
If I don clear you e don finish
Curse no dea catch fair girls 😅🤣🤣🤣
Egana add them
Wahai
Man.U go chop am… make you kuku no add them 😅
I jus tire 😅🤣
Una don use them bet 😂😂
Omo I don laugh tire
I no be admin nah
Me too ..
Nawa oo
Wahala 😅
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ add them mike don reverse the curse
😂😂
Nothing go sub no body fit die
You no well 😅
Na good thing you Dey do when no be bad intentions
E no Dey work for my end. You know say they just use me do Admin
Egana you be admin now
No gree for anybody oo😂😂
Wahala ti de seh
I no reverse my own ooo
Nibo 😂😅
Why you Dey do like this
Why una go cruse sef
Your wahala too much @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ reverse your curse and add them
How dare una ☹️😂
Make nobody fight again abeg
O Ti lor 😅
Make wuna add them tomorrow make them no say waytin them do na nonsense
Oya add them like this make e go like that
Few years from now them go be mothers and them dea behave immature
So una Dey fear like this
😂😂💔
Wayre 😂
I no dea fear but I no wan add them cause what they both did was uncalled for
Ikr but still make peace with all men ☹️🫶🏻🤲🏻
Till tomorrow Abeg
Make una no Dey leave group anyhow again
We don agree
Till tomorrow
Oya na
Them suppose pay fine sef
Anybody wey fight for this group we go remove una by ourselves no be you cos una no give the remain of us respect like that
E no make sense
Hope una don follow joy talk
Ok
When wuna no smoke air 😂
@⁨Michael⁩shine na you dey cause kasala abi 😂
My oga no oooo
Haha 😂 my oga
Money man
Stop it
Na Wetin you self know naa
I go talk am again everybody for this group dea mad
Werey
The once way get sense among this girls no reach at all and few years from now they'll be mothers
Wetin happen again
Wuna go dea from level way wuna no get foolish set of people
No mind them
E no go better for anybody way add them for this group back
The person go run mad enter year year ni
Omoh this curse much o
Naso e suppose be bro because most of these girls dea behave like say them still dea Jss
Egana oya calm now
Make everything slide.
You are all invited
message kilode
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ abeg stop all these na. We sha don settle everything
Make everybody no vex.
Yeah until someone came to my dm nd start saying something different from what I said in the group
Let everything just slide.. pls
Who
No worry
Everything don slide
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩ why you curse again
E don go sha
Read and ignore
Please oo make una no Dey curse for here Ara
💯
Because I wanted to
Please don’t
Abeg
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Make una pay o.. kilode 🌚🌚
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ admin and event planner.., add these people na
Or the founder of the group should add them..why una dey do like this ?? 🤭
Who can volunteer to help us add them??
I no understand again o
Richard admin 😂😂😂
You be admin now. Add both of them
🚶🚶🚶🚶🚶
So wetin go con happen like this?? Ko ye mi 😅
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ and I don go DM settle matter to add them back con hard.. Omoo x
Give them link
Merry Christmas my people🥰🥂
Same here boss 🎁❤️
Joy Nko
Unable to add joy but I don send her group link.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Make we pay oooo
Hello good morning,
I just wanna remind us about our payment. I’m going this this early so we can remove from the money we all made yesterday as it was Christmas and Dey don do normal for all of you. Plus, I’m sounding real sweet this morning
E San owo yin o
Mama
Pay your money 🌚
The money we have now can’t even get the apartment
You sef pay na
All of you pay na
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ if you don see am tick my name
Seen
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael ✅ .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
Y’all should pay up.. thanks
Deadline is in days o
Una no dey fear deadline?? 😅
My bro
Make we just budget Abi
For the apartment
Omoo
Abeg make una pay oooo
@⁨~Richard😎⁩
Donations too can start rolling in.. coz how much would be left after paying such amount for an apartment
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩ @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ @⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ @⁨~Richard😎⁩ @⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ and others
E San owo yin o
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
Make una pay oooo
Those wey Dey vex make Dey no vex again oo
@⁨Busayo Sch⁩
@⁨~Simon 😊⁩
🦉🦉🦉🦉
Them go come
Oya na
Make them pay na days to go make we plan this thing
Una no go sleep
Twale mama
O wa le 💯
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael ✅ .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
Werey send your own too like that
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael ✅ .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo✅ Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ @⁨~Richard😎⁩ @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ make una pay na
Shay busayo go come
Yh
If busayo go come I go pay Na because of busayo face way I won come look na u won make I pay
Abeg she Dey coke why not
She don pay na
Check on deji He dey depressed 😔💔
I know
Wetin Dey sup na
I know no ooo
Depressed bawo?
Yes bro
Ah
As all of una no gree pay Make we kuku use the money go watch movie 😂
🦉🦉🦉
Kojubelo
Abi which way😂
Make we go excursion
😂😂🤲🏻
Stop now 😂😂😂
Pay up oo
Na beach me I wan go sha
Abi
He go make sense
Dem go pay
Na apartment go make sense
Please pay up
U don pay
Dey play
You no check group
Eye dey pain me
Oga pay ur money
Y’all should sha pay
Okay ma
Wetin go sup like this?? 🌚
Pay up
Na few days to deadline
People are not interested
I think so
@⁨+ ⁩ sef wey Dey talk say she go send money She don mute
Abi ooo
I chatted Biodun privately he no reply me
Make we kuku cancel am for this year.
Elenu ni gbogbo won
I think so too o
Make rofiat refund make all of us rest.
Kojubelo
But make Rofiat send me Senge money
😂
Na you be Senge wife?
Oh you no know?😂
Waoh
Shey make we Dey drop aza ni?
I go go use Senge money watch tribe of Judah
😂
🦉🦉🦉
Which refund abeg?? 😅
No go whine me o
Dey play
Anyways… let’s all chill until deadline whether Dey go pay.. if not, una money don wash
So Pe otilor 😅
Last year, you guys were like we go harder next year.., the year don come now, una no pay 😅 jokers
No mind dem
Elenu ni won
People are not interested
Make wuna use that money buy food stuffs go give children for orphanage home
st don almost come
I tire for them o
Do we all agree to a refund??
Abi which way??
Make people wey remain answer maybe make we chill Abi e no dey their mind
We go pay
🦉🦉🦉🦉
Normal my gee e don clear like that
💯
Tor… you dey on pending 😅
I work with the holy spirit
Na st the spirit say make I pay
Whichever way… sha pay
Sure babe
Clean ur nose na
Ahah😂😂😂😂
Make we wait till st
Micheal rest abeg😂
Okay ooo
See as you Dey curse me 😂
No vex my bro Q
Te owo
Okay boss
@⁨Michael⁩ people go pay na
Dey play brother
😂
Make una dey play 😅
I Dey your dm 😂😂😂
Abeg who get Netflix login
Abeg
My baby don pay
Y’all💃💃💃
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael ✅ .Richard Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo✅ Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu ✅ maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
Good✅
Seen
Anyone heard from Biodun, Max and others??
How fa… you go pay Abi??
Biodun no reply
Gbemi sef no talk anything
Good morning everyone I will send my money tomorrow
Abeg who get jovial number
Na lie Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus😂
🦉🦉🦉🦉
Seen
Una too get levels 😅
This ppl get money o
Make wonna help me thank shine na him help me oooo🤗🥹
Tor… I don go msg am
They just dey pretend since
Micheal oshey oooo
E Shey sir
Shey donations go dey like this??
Una wey Dey interested make una just the list . Michael ✅ .Richard ✅ Helen ✅ .Milo ✅ .Jayjay ✅ . Biodun . Rofiat ✅ .dayo Busayo✅ Egana Stephen Joy ✅ .Babatunde✅ Anu ✅ maxwell Gbemi . Senge ✅
Okay dear
💯
💯
Make we start
Ewo I no even Dey mood like this
Later I will list out with names
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ you never pay why na
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
first bank k Deadline Dec st.
🦉🦉🦉
Abeg make una pay oooo
Issokay
Most ppl ain’t coming sef
This thing no fit make sense ajeh
Those of us wey Dey last time dem no Dey come
Mtcheeew
Wo
Boya make we scrap am o
Jovial,Dayo,Toyosi,Biodun,Maxwell
Dem no Dey come so wats the point
How the thing wan Dey fun?
We go just sit down dey look
Boya na every two years we go Dey run am
Na them wan bring fun Abi 😂😂😂
If we no plenty e no fit sweet guy
Even Stephen sef
Make them return my k
Deji too
I go order pepper soup now
Nobody wan pay again
Omo
Make we refund then
.., send acct so you can help refund the guys coz I can’t refund everyone
@⁨Michael⁩
Access Adedeji
But Una wey no pay , una do this one.. unto the next fuckups ✌️
k for seven guys
Others should drop acct for refund
Drop Acct ooo
Make I no use una money gbadun
*criteria for refund* A valid ID Two passport photographs Screenshot of payment slip Two guarantors. Thanks
Kiire 😂😂😂
Iwa werey😂
U drop ur own before we send?😂
You fit drop Acct for dm too.
Be like una no wan collect your money Abi??
Try me …😅
No vex boss😂
OPAY
Una sha know my name😂
Drop full acct details pls
Adedeji Wetin??
I no sabi anybody like this… o ju ti di 😅
😂😂😂
Adedeji florence 😂
Para mood
U sef go refund ursef?😂
Be like una no wan collect this money o
Adesola STARGIRL😂
You just Dey laugh… continue
Any more laughter and your money is canceled
//, : - Busayo Sch:
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ pls drop acct
Rejoice drop acct
OPay chikere Helen
I no see my money😂
Haha okay o
Na that your money Dey pain you
The turn up na
And people did not take it seriously
Na Wetin Dey pain me pass
I no dey come next year o
How fa.. make I add Joy own??
Ok
I go don born
And my husband no go allow me
Tor… we don talk now o
First bank
Me too
Una Dey fuck up
U get mouth boss
So everyone don collects bi
Una try
Una suppose consider people wey don dey this group since na dey reach out to people
We don marry o
Nawa oo
Me sha don get k I go use am buy slippers
Make I no lie.., we no try at all. I legit canceled other plans for us and this is what I get
As in Ehn
Me too
Next year I no go talk
I go just Dey look una
Shine don turn bank 😂😂 He no hear anything 😂
Make the rest send Acct ooo
Let’s consider the people who were on this for some while
If people turn up make everybody agree to send the money back na just suggestion and at least to appreciate @⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ @⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ @⁨~No $tress⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩ @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ @ people been on this for months not easy
Oga go rest
😂😂😂
Are you saying make others come without payment??
My baby sha wan see me 😅
This one don go
Exactly like she was reading my mind
No o just thinking maybe they should suggest what they have
Okay I was just suggesting
I miss you my love 😍
Same too my love 💖😍
Make last person drop Acct ooo
Benson werey
Otilo
But u tell us say u go carry ur boss phones nah
Oga we ask you Wetin happen
You no reply
Micheal why u commot the dp?😂
So no cap for here
Why he no go commot am
Maxwell don go credit me again??
Una no dey read grp msgs??
Him no know ni
I see am yesterday
Send am back
Why e no Dey this group
Everybody wan Dey form boss
I’ll send it to you.. I don’t have his acct details
Make everybody refund the money to rofiat back😁
Opay
Joy say make u send am here
No send me ooo
Abeg oooo
Money wey don finish😂
@⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩
I sent hers to Helen
Charger won kill baba since yesterday
For maxwell
Send it to Helen
Not even charges
I no Dey follow Maxwell
Whona go gather another one
Tor… I’ll send Maxwell’s own then
Na maxwell aza be this
Her own money is with Helen
Yeah
She don collect am
Rofiat Iya alajo 😂
Make una sha Dey do anyhow
Make we kuku no get group pay sef
Who go Dey remove head giro for group?? Una get mind o
Opay 😊 That’s his details
Dem don send him money
How many times… kilode
Why una Dey left
Yesterday supposed be out get together
Una no tey at all
I just Dey see tb for my phone today
How far
Who get mr olumide number or director number
Same here
No oo
Why
Lol
Happiness.vcf (file attached)
Hi everyone she demanded i should share her contact here to be added
Who Dey bear the name abeg
Na jovial
Oh ok
Helen add her
Hi
Thanks my love
Where have oo been
My phone is having problem
Oh ok
Cos we don look for you tire
Yeah
U know get my number
You don born again Congratulations dear God we see wat u are doing for others o
Thanks
😁😁
Boy
😏😏
Dey play oo
Hlo
😏😏
Hi
Good afternoon house
Una won do get together
Una no get do am again
No be swear
So I still dey this group So this group still exist😂
👍👍
Most people don’t vex leave
Cos una no gree do get together
Ehn ehn
Make we plan am again 😂😂
No money ooo
Life don hard abeg
No be get together matter dey ground o😂
I swear
Happy new year
Hello guys
Na wa ooo U people still dey vex since last year
You wan wed?
I won do naming 😅
lol
Lol 🤣😂😅
May whona come together Let by gone be by gone
Wetin happen?
Wahala
Why u dey ask stupid questions 😏 U like as group be
Wetin do group?
You Dey gbezome brother.
Lol 😂😂😂
//, : - + : This group still Dey
Why na Whona scatter group come go
Milo 😍
🚶🏿‍♂️🚶🏿‍♂️🚶🏿‍♂️
My Gee
How your side?
Lowkey idan mi
How e be nah
Make psg beat arsenal 🤣
😂😂
Dem no kuku carry my Chelsea come champe! Make all of them ja danu
😂😂
Una no good 😅
And man united 😂☺️🤭
Werey 😅
Na man united good abi Dustin club
So you na Man United 😂
Una sef . Na luck una deh use score jare
😂😂😂
lol.
Imagine that boy weh comot their squad go one team like that.. Anthony
The boy just deh para der …
Sancho weh una give us sef…. We don deh change hin life small small 🥲
I swear even rashford too
😂😂😂
Why e Kan Dey play rubbish for Man U 😅😅
Una no get money buy better player
Because Man United carry he joy away 🤣
Aswear o🥲😅
Na una nah … na una we go ask o
😂
I deh look up to next year champe make una pray for Chelsea….
Make we qualify
Make una go buy better player
If we qualify we go buy player … 💯
If we get better sticker sef our life go change small
Jackson won kill me😂😂
Go buy Haaland
Haaland ke…. If he see who go deh give am ball ni…. Na sticker weh go sabi dribble small Chelsea go need ajeh
Make I sell hojlund for Chelsea
You won use my money buy another player abi 😅
Lol 😂😋😂
God forbid
HAPPY NEW MONTH EYIN ORO MI 💪🥷
Stevo baby Na you first reply Eje mi…
U don chop naira card for new month 😍
Make I see d number u want make e enter
Asaaaaaaapu 😂
Mtn abi
@⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
Our babe
Send my own card
Na naira second win o ogbeni 🤣🤣🤣
I wan call my grandma
Oya make I see your number 😂
Mtn
Yes 😅😅😅😅
God bless your grandma 😅
Thanks big man. My grandma really appreciate ❤️
Na your babe be this?
Sebi na “our” before… u don change am
Airtel
Just imagine … all these girls no sleep house, now dey no fit wake up easily
Anyways … baba mi na niara third win o
😅
Dem go night vigil Last day of the month
Ta 😂
Oya na I go use am call my mama 😌
I dey here ooooo
Me sef won call my new babe
Ah 😂
Girls na snitch o🤣
Wetin do baba gangan…
Na new deh on board now 😂
🤣
Na now u dey wake up U go vigil?
New babe keh
You no hear new babe ? 😂
Girls no dey ever dey talk Truth
Ahhhh It is what it is
Yes
MTN
@⁨~No $tress⁩ Kini baje omo iya mi
th win naira
Go call your babe 😅
The vigil dey necessary Richard
Hmmm
U don ment egbon Which babe
Things deh sup
Okay, your wife.
I won call egbon oo
I swear Na vigil of breakthrough and chains of yoke 😂😂
You understand
U don gbezome brother
Yes ooo
th win naira
Bro you never do th win nah
Werey
Thanks ogami
Call the new bobo
Leave me oooooo
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
Okay ma
U sef do giveaway
Check
U self do Sabi na he fellow man do
Me I broke
Wetin do ur mouth
I don do th jare…. Na th be naira…. You 😂
Let recreate this It been years guys🥺🥺
The mouth dry.
Oh true
Than am th
Hmmmm Woman
Omo! I don dey old 🥹
Go marry
Oya make I see ur number and network
Chai 😂🤣
Glo
Una suppose dor Dey marry for this group
I still Dey find wife
Ajeh U dey enter father stage But na you no just serious
@⁨+ ⁩ send picture Make we see you
Thank you @⁨~No $tress⁩
Baba e ma pe 😅😅😅
//, : - Michael: Na Gbemi be this now 😅
Before nko
<View once voice message omitted>
The Ori oko part got me😂😂😂😂😂
U nko no go marry
I dor wed lowkey
That one sef dey
Greet your wife for me
lol. Why you no invite us?
Dem say make I no make noise ni
That one sef dey
Okay oooooo
Family man
No make noise ooo 😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂
No noise boy 😁😁😁
Me never marry ooo
😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂
You sha don marry.
Yes ooooo
Shey you still Dey this country?
Make una do years anniversary 😂
U won make the bed quick spoil Na every month furniture go dey come there house 😂😂😂
Na you we dey wait for
Okay okay 😅
They said make I get belle first ni oo
//, : - + : U no advertise herb for us
Ah
Werey which area be that?
Add Joy back to the group
Ehya sorry
U need mokole for ur man 😂😂
😂😂😂😂 Talking stage na money now ooo😂😂😂
Yes
No nah e no fit work like that nah why I run
//, : - + : Bimbo no mind him ooooo
Where your store Dey?
Wetin I won use am do
My sister I don run self
Which kind of condition is that
Abeg run for your life
//, : - + : What's coming next after that belle will not be easy ooooo
God will bless u with a man that will love u unconditionally abeg
Una don start
Now now +
Amin oooo
😅😅😅😅
Na you we dey wait for
Wetin. Dey sup for here
We miss y'all 🥺😂😂
Una don Dey get together
years anniversary
Who won do am
//, : - Michael: Aye e ti baje
😏😂
Miss y’all too
If una do normal this time around make we run am
We go do normal
No vex baby
Who is this sorry
Gbemi?
Yes
Them go do normal no fo
Ah ah
Long time oo
Same here lovie
Ogbeni naso una go start like say una serious later na fight
Lol
But we had our fun the last time
Be positive 😆
Dey play😂
I don’t know why una fuck up last year
We don change baby
No be them ur female besties dey cause fight 😒😒😒
Cut the head commot
Wo money no even Dey to Dey do get together again sef😂
Firstly make we first add em prodigal sons and daughters back! 🙏
Abi oo
Add all of them
Nigeria don change
Na una vote Tinubu 😅
U don spend ur savings
<View once voice message omitted>
Yes ooo
To save money now ma Grace
Another thing go carry am
Make una no believe Helen ooooo
That girl rich die !
I no go talk..
This bobo 🤣🤣🤣
Dey play who go believe you
Gimme that . Something make I use am rent house 🥲😅
Cana no deh the video man!
Na underbrigde u dey sleep
Yes
Okay we no go smoke 😅
Dey play 😅
Una no drop money for merriment nah…
Happy new month 👋
Eje! Up Up way❤️
Tunde 💯
Ohh Sorry 😔
Yes na Why u go smoke
Same here
You never chop😅
😂😂😂😂
Oga go rest
My brothers
😂😂😂
Been a while o everyone
Emma Bad Man.vcf (file attached)
No mind that Richard
E no go spoil for you
🎊😂
😂
Okay boss
Pls add Joy and co
Add them by ur self
I no be admin
Na only joy I remember
U can add anyboynow
Egbon e ma calm
Up Barca 😅😂😂
@⁨~No $tress⁩
Remontada my a**s @⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩ 😂😂😂
Wetin u dey play U dey play Jack shit Score first Wetin concern UEFA with possession
Sommer.. 🔥
PACK THE FUCKING BUS ..
Make una leave Barca o😅😅 Dem try 😅
He show dem pepper well well..
Up arsenal
Arsenal are allergic to UCL, it makes them sick 😂😂😂
Up man united 😂😂😂@⁨Michael⁩ 😂😂😂
He’s not available at the moment
Shine don faint. Na hin babe dey type 😪
Abeg give am glucose and energy drink if he no wake up Hold him balls 😂😂😂
Happy birthday @⁨~No $tress⁩ more life Egbon nla 🙏❤️
Birthday blessing my bro @⁨~No $tress⁩
Twaley 🫡
I loyal o 🤲
Send location
Thanks my love ❤️
Make we pull up
I deh chop my za for my palor o
//, : - + : Pelu Baki alata
Otilo 🤣
Una go still do birthday for me sha o
I still be upcoming o abeg
Age gracefully with every good things your heart desires in life
Amen 🥰🥰
Birthday blessings bro @⁨~No $tress⁩
I never bought this
Ahah😂
You be legend o
I swear
I no fit count how many Sop I buy for that Chrismeon
Na dem @⁨~Richard😎⁩ dey steal sop
Werey 😂😂
Lol
Ahah😂😂😂
Ur papa Na them ataputo and deji all those back guys dey steal am pass😒😒
Chai 🤣🤣
You no count how many you steal join or how many people own u achieve 😒😒😏😏
Shey she Dey steal ni 🤣
So na una Dey deal sop then😂
Yes na
Who?
Atabutor Dey steal true true😂
You 😏😏
Where that dude dey?
Maybe be don go there Delta back
Ahah werey😂
Abi na dem helen wey no Dey buy sop😂
Lol 😂😅 U way if dey steal ur own u go steal person own come tear the back of SOP you go come rap another back with brown paper come use tipest clear the person name 😏😏😒😒
Lol 🤣🤣🤣 Whona two follow join
Chai
Abeg I don’t forget that boy ataputo 😂😂😂
😂😂
Ahah na wetin u dey do be that😂
Him head be like one sticker wey we Dey use now😂
This sticker sef better pass atabutor head😂
Busayo I know you dear
Make una Dey ready for this year get together o Eyin omo oro
Anybody that will scatter our plan make the perosn no get data if we don Dey plan am Amen
Abi make the phone spoil or make them thief am
Amen🙏😂
Na you talk am o😂
We will start planning starting next month incase of those wey go wan use months pay
Or better still make we set payment plan like maybe each person k monthly for months So we will have enough money
Okay na years no be beans
That one make sense If people go turn up
They will turn up
At least k monthly for that months
We no wan hear say I will pay it once
It shld be fixed that k monthly
So e no go choke anybody
Any amount that remain we will gather it among ourselves
Abi e no make sense ni?
Good one
So make we wait make others read the msg
This sticker looks like atabutor😂
@⁨~Leojay Herbs⁩ if u like no pay
Cos u no Dey wan pay😂
Broke boi 😂😂
Hmmmm.
I never chop since morning
I no talk that one o😂
😂
Drink water😂
We no want fight this year abeg
😏
Ano see water
Wen una wor do am
December
Make I go borrow OPay loan
lol still far
No need We don make an easy
k monthly
Last week of December or first week of January
For that months
Make una dey send am to my acct asap
Yeah
How much
k every month till December
*
k monthly
Yes
Na ajo 😂
Total na k
So it will be easy
Ofeku sha😂
Make
Anyhow you call am
Abi The boy na werey😂
If u are here Pls talk
Lol 🤣😉🤣
Make una come treat infection
Shey this boy Dey okah bayi😂
Make I see money 🥶😂
Na the money you wan use pay
But let’s be serious
You don Dey gbezome
k monthly starting July ending
Yes of cause Na him business He Sha no fit steal
We go buy agbo later Make we talk the payment plan first
Dick enlargMent Dey o
Oga shey ba business matter we Dey talk here?
@⁨~Happiness⁩ @⁨~Omotoyosi💕💕⁩
Man power Dey o
Make una talk too nah
Egbon ekoshi lo
Active 🥰
So k monthly starting July abeg
Yes
God will provide for everybody
Me I no Dey drink imperial blue 😂
Okay ooo
Wait nah k ?
Yes
I just think we shld be paying it k monthly
Things don cost
So we go see food chop wella and drinks
k is cool
😂 Okay
You pay for me nau as per my second daddy 🥰
Joy are you here now?
k monthly starting July ending
k monthly abeg🙏
Starting July first being
Get together
U way dey abk like this because of convocation
k monthly from July till December
Dey play
Yes
Yes
U way no get passport Okay which plane you carry go
Na abakaliki you dey go
@⁨~SC⁩ @⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ @⁨~Godsaves⁩ @⁨~No $tress⁩
We no gree egbon
Student o fo
Okay ma
As how
Haha 😂 🤣
Ahahah Joy😂
Okay Make I Kuku stay house
Hin wan die for school
I start school late
Ah I don forget say we don Dey another year o😂
We no drink imperial blue abeg oooooo
Dem go come😂
Don julio
No mind am😂
Otiyee😂
Gbenulo
No be the one wey everybody go scatter group for December o 😂
No mind dem😂
Devilish ppl😂
k monthly stamped
Dem no born dem well
Ahah😂😂😂😂😂😂
Make sense
Oga nla
Una no dey do wedding 🤣🤣🤣🤣
And una dey born 🤣
Yes ooo
Tell a friend to tell a friend o
k monthly
I go enter ppl dm tomorrow tell them
Okay
Shine 🙌
All the thing wey he teach us wetin I Dey use am do now
Wetin I Dey use osmosis do now
Make una help me call director join I wan collect my sklfees back
U dey use am do side hustle 🌚
I Dey sell human part abi which side hustle
How many job u dey do ?
Who be your biology teacher?
I no remember sef 😂
I Dey do like three o😂
Okay So one or two of them go be side hustle 😁
I Dey sell human part Werey😂
Oga when you wan invite us come your wedding? 🙄
You don help me see husband?😂
Yes
Dey play Person way get bad characters Na she go marry the man herself 😅
Let’s us arrange for protest Make we go collect our money from xmeon
Dem sha teach you Yoruba very well.
You get am Walai😂 Where I wan see husband Na all my ex in law I don abuse finish
Na only that one I swear😂
Aside Youruba Nothing wey I gain for that skl😂
You get bad mouth.
I know😂 I no argue😂
Mr olumide tried 🤣🤣🤣
I swear Na only him know wetin he Dey teach us The rest na lie
Even Director sef😂
Director no Dey bring book come class ooo 🤣🤣🤣
Taleleyi😂
I swear The small Yoruba way dey my mouth Na him teach me
Iro ni He go don carry am out for brain before he come😂
Ajeh seh😂
Werey 🤣🤣🤣
Amin and owe
😂😂
And the man sabi beat like werey 🤣
Oloriburuku ni😂
Oloshi😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ajeh Back of ur fingers
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
Ewi😂
Walai I chop mad cane😂
Werey 😂
Na she goat be busayo then na With that are werey old safety boot 😂😂😂
God go punish you😂
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂
Walai foolish English😂
The English na wack😂
Sandra nko😂
Sandra na stubborn girl too 🤣🤣🤣
Walai 😂
I be Omo jesu that time
Aswear na depression just passing aggression on us 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes nah😂
Walai😂😂😂😂
Oloshi why u dey mention their name😂
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Awon Oloribu😂
That skl traumatized me gan o😂
And we Dey reach like mad😂
Ajeh
I swear
People dey sick like werey 🤣🤣🤣
Yes ooo
Yes nah😂
😂😂
Walai - ni o😂
Ahahah😂😂😂😂
Even me nko😂 The book sef I no sabi😂
Your own life hard that time with Blessing😂
Walai them suffer o😂
We still Dey go skl on Saturday o If u no go u go chop cane😂
Walai😂
Ahhh it is well
Yes nah
Walai me and Rofiat no Dey Dey same hall o😂
Nobody never make am sef😂
And na rubbish dem teach us😂
Bro na rubbish dem dey teach us 🤣
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I wan die for the engineering wey I do 🤣🤣🤣
I swear 😂
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Me wey do accounting nko😂
I wan craze😂
Maths werey 🤣🤣🤣
Walai😂 Dem turn us to enemy😂
Those patent sef no go talk😂
For their eye we be leaders of tomorrow😂
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wetin I Dey use geography do now😂
Walai😂
I hate the skl omoooo mehn😂
😂😭
That him prick go long😂
Beg for money😂😂😂😂
Ajeh 😂😂
None of us don make us😂
If we wan do get to gether werey
😂
The boy na werey He go through shit😂
Where be this?
Abule egba
How much?
For house party na people While stay people
We never make am 🥹
k?
Yes
As per wetin
hours
We no Dey sin. Thanks
Na mad man
Carry ur sin go front😂
Oloshi
He no well ni😂
Oloshi😂
😂
Dey play
We no come boss
I don hear you sir
Na akure I Dey stay.
😂😂😂
Yes boss.
Oni se owo 🙄
Yes boss 🫡
Omo… I reach here i foh.
Make una sha carry us reach there
Pls who still remember xmeon anthem
God Abeg 😂😂
How ?
With this life issues 😂😂
Wetin be this 🤣🤣🤣
U even remember ur national anthem
I just wan check something 😂
Have you nau seen it 😂
Help me now😂
Sing am make I run check wetin I wan check
God Abeg
Pls it’s urgent guys😂
Even for school I no know am
Eweeey😂
Nah now you con dey ask 😂
And nah una Dey stay for front for assembly 😂
I sha know say the motto nah Bedrock of excellence Abi Wetin 😂
Nah attendance we dey count lol
So nobody know😂
That stubborn girl 😂😂
Lousy girl 😂😂
Na me be that😂
Fight buddy 😂
Na from small I don get craze😂
Na why if ppl Dey reason me now I dey look say who be this one😂
No time o😂
Husband dey do group Na you no won put now ur pride and grow with them 😄
Hmmm.
🫩
Happy birthday baby. More life more blessings❤️🙏
Do giveaway for us
Shine dey here U dey find husband
I no Dey find girl wey get big breast
Do give away mama
Wetin u con dey find 😂
Girl wey no get big breast.
Joy send your pics oooo
😂
😂
Giveaway o
Oya Joy no dull us
Shey na acct number make we drop Abi phone number abi wallet?
U get characters to stay for husband house husband no hard to see
Go stand for bus stop Carry cardboard write mo Lori oko oo e femi u go see man
U fit turn k to k 😂😂
Ajeh
Dm I get wetin go make ur ass cum out
Age gracefully with every good things your heart desires in life and enjoy your day baby ❤️❤️❤️
Okay Make we do test Date a average man for this group for year and if he say you pass I swear I go find you better man And secondly When he get he go give you When he no get you go manage am Are you ready @⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩
🫩😂
🫩🫩
Oga make your babe do giveaway now
U don ment egbon 😂😂😅🤣
I wan sleep o Una Dey shout o
I no fit do justice for anybody o😂
Them dey here na
Happy birthday John joy
Shine how e dey be my oga
My boss
I greet everybody
Good morning
Morning how are you doing
Gud and u
Am doing fine
Sharp
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Foolish ppl😂
Dem just whine us ni 😂
I Dey use my own sell ponmo
I dey use my own sell perfumes and wears😂
I don use my own do missionary
Werey
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
I Dey come your way today 🤣
Seriously What time
Around pm
Abeg who get connect here
Micheal come carry me chop small life nah
I Dey find job for Lagos ooo
Okay na I dey
Lol 🤣
Person way won go commit CV
Go Dey sell drug for molue
She no pity me
Me sef Dey find work o😂
Lol 🤣🤣
Okay
Time wey I Dey use follow una go xmeon I for just go learn Hairdressing
I don use am start yahoo yahoo 🤣🤣🤣
Walai😂
All of us for don make am
I for don learn plumber Tay Tay 😁
I Dey vex Na financial mistake😂
Na that Saturday dey vex
U sef u too do😂😂😂😂 u don chop y u won carry home
Werey
Na Michael u suppose kill😂😂😂😂
Go kill blessing
😂😂😂😂
Any single lady in the house?
That director na werey
Abeg if anybody help me see Solomon
Abeg even if na midnight call me I go come
Oloribu person
Yes
Send your pics
And that your breast fresh oooo
E dey enter the werey eyes 🤣🤣🤣
Ahahah😂
That time e never big like this
That foolish Micheal we Dey run for dem Eniola papa wen he wan come beat am😂
Chai… you still remember
Una no dey forget things eyin people yii 😂😂😂
Forget ke😂
Abeg wey the second Micheal
Shoyawerey 😂
Lol 🤣😉🤣
Wetin Busayo find reach wetin u Dey talk😂
The one way press another person breast nko way she no fit sleep way her mama came to school the following day nko
Chrismeon is full of shit I swear
You just sabi
Na only one female teacher we get then nah
Who abeg😂
Ajee…. The girl breast Kan dey pain am
No teacher follow me try nonsense sha😂
Walai
Wahala😂😂😂😂
Walai😂😂😂😂
That skl na public skl😂
Olohun seh
Who remember Micheal wey go steak exam question😂
Yes
Adedipe michael
Yes😂😂😂😂 Foolish boy😂
O all this thing wea una dey remember go far gan that year
Werey steal question come still bring am come skl😂 If na me I no go bring am😂
So on my way home yesterday I saw Mr Marcus at kola bus stop Moya look away 😂
Ajee. Dey Kan dey beat us if we hear all those babes
Who won talk man body before
Greet am now
Ahah our sweet MR Marcus 😂
Ahah wahala😂
I carry face oo me khe I no fit 😂
Mr Josef😂
😂😂 Wey dey use all in strength beat person
Na moshalashi he dey stay He school dey kola
Uncle Joseph
Na hin dey give busayo best in accounting.
Nibo😂
Walai very nice
I swear
Ah 😂😂
The account wey he teach me still accurate small
Na him dey give me Abi I deserve am Oloshi😂
Who remembers Mr Micheal commerce teacher lol He beats us every Monday morning 😂😂😂
💯
Yea he teaches well
And Mr Emma government 😂
Na hin wan dey press joy breast
😂
Ah Chrismeon 😭😭😭
Thank God for life
Fuck that school ehn 😭😭
You and who😂
Whose ?
I still get PTSD😭
Me too That skl traumatized me
Dem later beat me and blessing now 🤣🤣🤣
Ahah Gbenulo 😂
Traumatized as how
Chop mad cane😂
For sop and late coming 😂
We nondey respect senior
God Abeg 😂😭
Werey 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I no high It’s a disturbing experience nah
I’m speaking for mysef
I don gentle 😭
Abeg o😂😂😂😂😂
Busayo here and there😂
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Abeg o😂😂😂😂😂 No be only me o😂
Richard shey u Dey alright bayi😂
Make una contribute for get together
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
Normal
Aw much be the money sef
Yu won pay for everybody
Pay for everybody as how I no rich I still dey beg God😂😂😂
Gbemisola
Shut up
No vex ma
I know say na u go talk
No vex
Werey
As how
Santos na legend
I no date Santos abeg
You sha date me 🤣
@⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ wey I love lemme follow another guy 🥹
No na taofeek I get crush on then
Oh! Shey you still get hin number
You be werey
Make una pay for advert😂
Una be bad nigga
Werey😂
Walai😂
Mesef asked you out but you no gree
Aje
E don tey
Abi na
Person wife you dey call baby
ThankGod
Biodun na werey
Iya wale still dey there sef
Ah
Fear God
Legend
Waoh
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
That guy na werey
Ajeh
Happy Birthday sweetie 🎉🎂Long life and prosperity
That Sch and Female Teacher no gree na y Dey no get Female Teacher
Na for JS we get Ms Rose nd Ma Bola Abi Weytin b her name self
Commot sweetie Tunde 🤣
You guys beloved Xtracool😃😃
Hope you don get body now 🙄
Mrs Micheal
Where I won see am
Na she Dey teach Business Studies that year
Where that aunty bola self dey With that her teeth
Yes
Baba Werey See as u Dey remember everything
She fit don turn grandma now
Make we see your pics xtracool
Grandma ke Person way never marry When we dey jss
Wetin this on Dey talk
Gud morning everyone
U too do😂😂😂👌
See fine girl
See as u straight 😂😂😂stop playing olowo eko
Ah years ago nd never Marry
U love what u see
Werey Omo
Maa Play
U and see finish na &
No vex
My love
She no bad na I even like lepa self 🥺☺️
Who?
Oppppor😂😂😂😂
Go her dm straight
No time
Mrs rose
Na Editing Baba
😂
Walai
I no get money to transport go there 😔
No mind him jare Na see Finish
Make whona give me work ooo I don broke ooo 😔😭
Gbemi send pics
I get one gbemi make I see you make e no be you be gbemi wea I won fuck weekend cause one gbemi dey my dm
Bend down for doggy 🤣
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
Werey niyin sir 🤣
Abi nah
Something dey do u
Halleluyah ma 🌈🤍
Halleluyah sir
Haha 😂 @⁨Michael⁩
You dey hot oo
Send without makeup
Dey play😂😂😂na fake life
I no get unless video
Oya nah
How many you don born
na
Add join make you hang boot
No be now abeg
Why you delete
I never view am
Shey u don watch am
No
I don resend ooooo
You look good
Thanks jare
Michael, Richard go marry
U nko
I be small boy
Dey play 😂😂😂
An just year
Deji go marry
I dor marry na u no come bro
Mad man
Even if you no call anybody you go call me
Dem say make I no make noise 😂
Me get twins na Two girls 😅 Dey play
Me I no Dey smoke Werey
And so
Na man power I fit give una Aleko 😂😂
My oga ❤️
😂😂
This one na Mr dayo That man just ment Na all the subject he nearly teach us Music teacher oshe
Werey 😂
Dem collect music teacher that time😂
My head will judge them
Instead make dem teach us yahoo
😅😅
Omo! Make Chelsea fans do giveaway
Dey play 😅😅😅
No ooo
Awon baddies
Big man Joshua
Na when joy serious with God be this 🫩@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩
She be good girl here 😂
Yes ooo 😅😅
Awon Wo re😂
Abi wey John joy
How you Dey ?
When you wan invite me come your wedding?
I Dey Togo like this
Send your location
Abeg where Sandra
Werey 😂😂😂
You dey beside helen?
Sorry I mean who The guy
Una dey get man 😅😅😅
Una be OG
Who be this sef
lol
My gee
You say wetin? Abeg o😂
Chai😳😳😳😳😳😳
//, : - + :
Mr Solomon go fit u nake u marry
God forbid
That one wey I still Dey find how I go beat am
Why! Wetin hin do you?
No! Na Michael
That second hand economics teacher
Werey😂
Lol 😂. That one way go dea press Uchenna breast that year way her parents enter sch
The werey wey dy jealous my blackberry that year na only am fit be groom for him student
Come dy put there hand for him bad guy
Somebody don finally mention the girl name😂
Ahahah😂😂😂😂
E go fit Busayo gan oooo
Big breast girl and tansho yansh
Werey say second hand😂
Lol 😂
Werey😂
You sef reason am na 😂😂😂
Na Mr Olumide she go marry
Your mouth na 😂
Hahaha that one na long jump oooo
Only me un don see teacher for me😂
You set gan na why
Then run polyandry
You don dy use style toast am
Werey leleyi o😂
As how nah
Na only me dey group😂
Make una find one teacher for the rest
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ @⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩
As dem no gree marry😂
Who una say make I marry😂
Mr Best go fit Hellen
Make una choose one for me😂
Ahahah😂😂😂
As him leg no straight 😂
The leg suppose don straight now nah
years secondary school get together loading…………
Y’all shld get readyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Yimmu
Kilode
Ajeh seh😂
I Dey Kano
I no fit come
Na Garri
After years una never marry
No vex😂
After this years I go try born one😂
Atleast make una drop one
Una don dey old 😅
I go try my best😂
Helen never ready
Person here don born
Who
She never ready
Who?
Ahah werey😂
Gbemi nko
Me sef don buy
bawo 😅😅😅
E show now
Your baby 😅
Hmmmmmm
Make e sha pay
Ahah werey😂
Make Deji sef pay😂
No free this year o😂
And Dayo😂
Ahah😂
You Dey find yahoo boy Abi. Gree for that guy wey Dey toast you
This one go chop cane. Make she no try come 😅
Emmanuel
The guy don born ooo
😂
Na lie😂
Onyeku
Ah 😂
E don born one oooo
Egana no fit born
Who be onyeku?
E don sabi the guy
Hmm 🤔
?😂
Make una sha pay
Na my own be that
No free this year o
He go make sense
Na free things dem like 😅
Awon werey😂
Lol😂
🦉🦉🦉
This one na serve ursef
Make Una no worry
Make Dey go collect am
Make dem pay first now 😅
Dem no born dem
Na k per person
Installment is allowed
Just Dey play
Na you go still spoil am
And Helen With Stephen and Egana😂
😅😅
Commot my babe
Nothing beats a Jetholiday😂
Ode😂
k per person 😂
Yes
Richard werey no buy imperial blue and Campari o
No smoking this time 😅
Na sieera tequilla,skuchies we go use this year
As how nah😂
You no want make dem come be that😂
As how
We wan invite Mr Dayo now
Ajeh seh😂
Shoyawerey sha😂
Lol 😂
The last time, days I no get mysef
Koshi
We we sef Dey cho😂
Make una sha bring strippers
Ahah😂
Wetin do me?😂
Hot body 😅
Lol 🤣🤣😉
How much?
Make una send una video make we check if una fit don stripper ooo
Okay few minutes
Na like that you still be 😅
You don get big b 😅😅😅
Go find man
Na why e be like that
Dey talk say if you Dey use android make you no come get together oooo
After your k dem go still pursue you
Stay your house
No ooo
I no dey come too
Send michael Jackson acct
For Wetin
Make I help you bring Hausa wey get big borotashi
Go create am
I get person sha but e no get money ooo
Okay na aboki sha
I never born ooooo ahahah kilode
Okay mama
k
Come una no dea sleep ni
Wetin I do
Na hallelujah challenge no make me sleep
I must see wife this year 😅
Yes
Wayre u don get money way u dea find wife ooooo
Make una pray for me too for the hallelujah challenge
I Dey find husband
Lol
You no go marry?
If I don get money if I no get money I no go marry cause I no get strength for wahala
I think say u don marry Busayo
Werey you better go knack one girl belle
Make the girl go dey take care of the pikin 😅
Make you japa
Yes! If I don get money I go go claim my pikin
For now I be irresponsible father 😅
When you wan born?
Make you give us twins
Nope I’m responsible
Oloshi 😂
But if Joy nd Shine reason am well una two go nake sense ooooo
Who I wan marry 😂
Wait this group isn’t moving forward o😂
Nobody travel out Nobody do wedding invite us😂
Tunde or Gideon no bad oooo
Na bad thing if u don get money the two ehn Busayo 😂
My first mistake be say I go attend Chrismeon
Wey I supposed go government skl jeje
You go cry 😅
Attassa 😅
Werey school 😅
Werey Abi werey😭
U for nor fit finish secondary sch cause them for don give u belle for SS
E go still pay me😂
I go quick chop Ounje omo😂
You and your pikin go don dey do twinne
Walai
Dem deceive me too much for xmeon😭
And na rubbish dem teach us
Lol 😂 see talk
Walai full rubbish
Make una wait ist
Una no gree marry here
All the ladies way single for this group una go sch graduate una no see man way ready say he wan marry una ehn
Naso una character bad reach 😂😂
Bad character
Make una no vex for us😂
Them go later wash some of una head for river before una go see man way serious ooooo cause una don use husband do boyfriend since una no know
😅😅😅
Eshey eshey😂😂😂😂😂
Many don born sha
Mohammed this ur MBM Shey na Aye u do for sch or Waytin
Na Alora
lol
Them don born shey them dea husband house abi na single mom them dea do
Baby mama 😅
Waytin them com dea find again make them dea independent dea go nah
I no sabi ooo
A win is a win😂
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ na this year I give u reach make u invite us for ur wedding or traditional anyone sha invite us
Make una find one put me abeg🤲😭
You way get relationship dea whine us for here
I go dey pray for you
Abeg o Where I wan see am With this my character
Thank you🙏😭
@⁨Michael⁩ I don see wife for you
I sabi hin husband 😅
Shey na lag u dea abi IB
Who
NO CAST AM OOOOO
I won’t 😅
@⁨~Omotoyosi💕💕⁩
Na my sister
Who be my husband eyin werey😂
Una no tall pass each other so e go go well
Oloshi na ur papa born am 😂😂
Pls I’m open for marriage
No worry we no go cast am
Oya cast me
Who hin be
Shey u go get belle ist if u gree I don ready
No mind am hin kno no
Who wan cast u again
😂🤌
Werey😂
Shey I lie ni 😂😂
U never ready be that
Make we do Vc make we even see if na man house most of this girls dea way them dea lie say them no get relationship
@⁨Michael⁩ if u call that girl ur sister again I go talk ur mind go dea
Na my baby sis now
Lol no be Toyosi Adisa u dea call ur baby sis ?
@⁨Michael⁩ u sha want make I talk but I no go talk
Yes nau
He is my big brother
Shey u know say u whine me one day but I jus lock up
Better lock up 😏
I don hear u no worry
Lol 😆
Lol 😆 u don deny name way ur papa give u
Better 😂🤌
I dea tell u so ooooo
@⁨~Omotoyosi💕💕⁩ I wan dm u privately
Wetin you wan talk wey Yoy no fit talk here ?
Na waytin small children no dea hear I wan follow u talk
Oya enter dm
E be like say u don block me sef 😂. My msg no go through lol
Abi nah
Ewo
Make una no forget get together
k per person
If dem born una well make una no pay
Na only Joy fit handle my craze for this group no matter how I torment her
Make una sha keep the money for my hand
Oleeeeeeeee😂
k per person
Installment is allowed
Nigeria hard
No party
Shoyawerey 😂
For k
You go help me pay
Me too😂
Abi make we do dinner date as get together for ikeja incase of people way no fit go island
Who tell u say na island we wan use Werey
Werey you go come 😅
I fit help u pay but Waytin u go do for me in return
Dinner date werey Wo😂
I no say una no get island money na Abule Egba una go later use
Make we just go one park play with gangilova 😂🤌
Abi beach ?
Good morning everyone
Why are u running
Island apartment sef no cost like that werey
Make water carry us go abi😂
😂🤌
Oya how many of una go enter uber reach there ooooo
Olowo
Haha Egana 🙌
We go enter molue😂
Anybody way water wan carry make he carry Shey life no hard u ni 😂😂
Good morning everyone
Good morning
Abi😂🤌
How e be nah
I dey Ejeh mi hbu
Shey e still dea exist ni
Hope we really serious about the get together
🦉🦉🦉
Egana 🙌🏻
🦉🦉🦉
I dea on a low oooo I dea see ur update lowkey
Dhino dey here @⁨~No $tress⁩ Ejeh mi
Lol my run away wife abi frd wife 😂😂😂
Ewo make una pay
Yes nau You no Dey Lagos ni ? For early Momo
Last price nko😂😂😂
Ole😂
I no dea do government work na if I like I dea comot for house so I no remember when last I see am
We way be alimajiri way we no too get uko
Sorry who’s this Adejoke girl?
k pls make una pls pay o
Edakun
Gbemi
Who wan open floor?
Rest
U never answer
Eeeieie mamo 🙌
I no Dey rest😂
Pls make una pay
@⁨~SC⁩ Oro mi.
Na rofiat acct we go pay
Dino Nla
Me too wan ask same question self
We way never rich nko
Who wan open floor?
Wherr una wan do this get together sef
See whinny
My Gee
Una no wan pay abi
Nah income go determine but nah around Iyana ipaja
Ejeh mi sharp 🙌
Make nobody come oppress me oooo
Make una pay abeg😭
Gbemi
How e dea ba nah
U sef open floor for us
Esan owo yin eyin werey😂
You say wetin 😂
I can’t hear u,speak loud😂
We deh movement . Igboro lawa
Make we still know who single so on that day we go set people us so them go marry abeg
Pay now
Be the first on the list
I deh baba mi. How e be .
Egbon you no gimme feedback 😅
Omo na lowkey things oooo
Ewo make una Gerrout
Broke ppls😂
Make una no worry Tunde go pay for me
Ah that one touch me
Ole
Oromi moti gbezome…. I go give you feedback today !
Make una pay nah
Shey na ur money ni 😂
Which kind thing be this
Na how much we wan pay and when we wan do am @⁨Busayo Sch⁩
Haha 😂 @⁨~Simon 😊⁩
Awon rich man don Dey talk
k oga mi
k per person pere🤲
Road go clear.! I trust you
Oya no pay make I enter ur dm ask for money for Igbo u go sha press me
Pere bawo
Make una pay eyin werey😂
Ehn nah😂
On jah
Thanks boss
No make I change am for u oooo😂😂😂k pere
Chikere
Helen
Make una pay eyin omo yi
Abi ewo ni
Okay na
Who wan open floor
U seh
Na the person go be chairman of the day😂
Na my account them go pay the money put oooo
U sef fit be chairperson
Shey u no Dey craze😂
As how na O wrong na
I no like the title😂
Me too😂😂😂
So y’all are broke like this😭😂
Wetin dey always pain me be say una fit later scatter everything 😂 abi @⁨~No $tress⁩ @⁨Michael⁩ @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩
Over broke sef
Una no trust me be that oooo
Trust far from u😂😂😂😂
Lol 😆 no joy ore mi
Ejemi na you suppose be our location manager o 😂 @⁨~No $tress⁩
Na egana Dey scatter good thing😂
Na Milo na 💯
Agh 😅
Mainland or island
Lol u funny oooo people way dea drag nai u wan carry go island
Same location ?
Not necessarily
But make e get pool like that one too
Mainland sharp ejeh mi
Abule Egba also
Shey una dea swim ni
If e get club we no mind
They swim nah
All the girls make una come with bikini ooooo
Okayy
They borrowed bikini for the hotel
I’ll drop update on that
Make una no wear boxer ente water if u no get bikini u no go enter gate
Hahahaha 😂
@⁨Michael⁩ Shine you no dey here👋
Not bad nah
Okay
Shey na Lagos u dea or IB
Lag like this like this
Make una pay o eyin omo werey yi😂
Egbon send woods
Lol u dea switch am
Tunde come do G make I use see front
I go pay today
We don see chairperson 🙌
U go pay our two money today oooo
Boboyi oya do g for me make I use see front
Oloshi
Sha stop smoke
Tunde is our chairperson o everybody
With the way country hard make I stop smoke okay Waytin go dea give me joy
No mind am he want make u craze ni😂
Hin no fit craze
@⁨~SC⁩ will paste Rofiat account soon
When my account active for here ehn
You Dey mad seh😂
Her acct dey the group description. I no sabi if she still Dey use am
No we don’t know she fit wan change am
Okay
Y’all shldnt forget also
Me sef go try pay😂
Oleeeeeeeeeee😂
Graphic designer da
We can use this
Smoke no good for your health ejemi 😂
@⁨Michael⁩you wan use our money buy gram abi 😂
Okay baby
I no dey smoke boss
I don hear but e no mean say u no go still press me g ooooo
Hahaha shine lie kill u there
😂
No worry i still dey with you my brother 🙌
Make una buy smoke join wetin we wan buy o😂
Everywhere good
I Dey serious boss.
Shey u too don dea smoke ni Busayo
Na bcos of una
Who preach give u
Make I Dey smoke join the craze wey Dey my body?😂
Oh, even if una dea smoke una go de form goos girl
My wife
E no mean w fit dea cool ur brain 😂😂
Who sabi wherr them dea sell better elle the one way coco plenty inside
Dem dey give good girls money?
Pls make una pay o
Lol 😆 I tire ooooo
You sef pay now
Na second to the last I wan do so if e don remain people make una tag me
Lol I don miss u gan oooo
Make una add to the list trust and dare game go dea on that day ooooo so if u be Jesus pikin no bother to pay and if u pay no come oooo
Wayre if ur money finish them go japa 😂😂
Werey pay first We go think about it😂
If una no go add am then why I wan pay
Pay first werey😂
Na Waytin I wan come do that day be that just Truth and Dare because I go shake table gan
Na second to the last I wan pay
Babatee 😅
Rest 😂
Same here e don tey oo
Shey una serious about this get together ni
If I hear say I rest 😂 I go ask question way some people no go fit answer and I go Dare some people make them do Waytin them no wan do with their mind
Aswear
December don reach finish
Send ur money
k per person
Lol
How your side na
Shey k no con too much like this
Ahaha too much with the cost of everything
Abi ooo na k I get ooo
Bless God and urs
We will cook,buy drinks and apartment
Fine too
Shey una sabi cook sha
people na k. Cool sha
Yes me sef don calculate am
Make them send the money for my account so I go hold an mmm
Oloshi
We suppose pass sha 😅
Oleeeeeee
For where😂
That last time we were more than
Most people no pay 😅
k sef some people no come
We were not up to
I think say we reaxh oo
No o
Na free things una like 😅
Wait una no won marry
And that day we no see food chop
Kan marry me
Na noodles we chop
Wey no reach us
You no won gree tall and me I like tall guys 🙃
So this time we go cook
She don enter me
Shey u go marry me 😂
No wahala
Wayre girl 😂
Lol 😂
Make we do dinner make everyone go back to their houses back jare
We Dey go house together.
As how na
Nice idea
Yes na
Una agree why I go pay
Shey na food we no see chop for our house?
Go xmeon make dem organize am
It’s about fun,games and drinks
Smiles we can have fun by not sleeping over oo
We can just di beach hangout from like pm till pm
Not necessarily sleep over
Catch up laugh eat
But dinner ke
Anything wey una want o
Make una sha pay
I no sha Dey do dinner
Your name ba Florence?
Your boyfriend dey island now 😅😅😅
You Dey mad
If traffic hold me I go Dey beg ppl make dem accommodate me till the next day abi
No be everybody Dey stay for Lagos nah
Exactly
No fit vex go Kano
All this thing wey una Dey talk sef no be beans o
I talk k Airlin said it’s much If we wan go private beach u know how much we would pay per person?
You don grab Cloth ehn😂
Na why I say I no Dey do dinner😂
The k sef I go use werey pay am ni😂
E go far
Una wey dey suggest beach make una Dey calculate Uber o
Just a suggestion o
Make Una sha do
Which Uber 🦉🦉🦉🦉? I fit jump bus la. Why must I come with Uber? 🦉🦉🦉🦉
Some of una go reach if dem don finish wetin we wan do😂
Make I enter bus go island Okayyyyyyy motigbo😂
Why yunno fit enter bus ?? Go 🦉🦉🦉🦉
You know cloth wey I wan wear?
Na lace I go wear go beach?😂
Wah happened to you changing your outfit at the beach 🦉🦉🦉🦉 Even ,if innever reach one before. I'm opportuned to have access to the Internet. 🦉🦉🦉
Peeeeleeee I no fit We are different
Pls don’t let us be selfish with our suggestions o
Make we wait for Richard
Na him born you?
Na hin wan help me pay boss
You go help me?
See make una sha pay😂
🦉🦉🦉🦉 Not coming to anyone though. Just saying ni. 🦉🦉🦉🦉 My parents and guardians won't let me spend the night outside.
Werey😂
🦉🦉🦉
Tag him.,boss.
Then u can go back home Me my parent don’t stay in Lagos Where I go sleep😂
Let there be accommodation Those that can’t go back home can sleep there Una wey dey stay lagos go una house
@⁨~Richard😎⁩
No mind them
They will pay sha
But we have to plan as well
Let’s reach conclusion
Wat are we doing gangan
I'm based in Yola. SE ,you see one of the reasons I can't come. 🦉🦉🦉
Pls you ppl shld talk
Wats the conclusion?
Yes nah😂
Milo go get apartment nowb
Yes
So make people wey never talk make Dey talk
Dem no born dem well
That one no Dey this year
If u no pay Make I no see ur leg
Make una talk
years omooooo
Wey I don even talk say strippers go Dey😂
For Wetin 😅
@⁨~Bobby🖤⁩
Ogbeni make this ppl talk😂
Dey no go talk again
Y’all broke ass😂
We go do this get together by God’s grace
No mind them And e no dope
Make we know people wey dey active and interested
Exactly
Pls if you are interested in the get together make we know abeg
First step
E go dey easy like that
Drop any emoji
Do poll leave am till night
Okay make sense
Sharp
Make una create poll
Pls add no I’m not interested but I will pay😂
Haha 😂
Dey play😂
I think na the admin suppose create am
Do am
Awon Wo ni admin Admin werey Wo😂
Na admin pay my skl fees?😂
Oya Tunde Do the stuff
POLL: Are You Interested In Get-Together? OPTION: Yes, I’m interested And Will Pay… ( votes) OPTION: No, I’m not Interested And Will Not Pay… ( votes) OPTION: I’m still thinking About It… ( votes) OPTION: No, I’m not interested And Will Still Pay… ( votes)
Pls let’s vote
I think some people are not active now
Pin this 🦉🦉🦉🦉@⁨Busayo Sch⁩
Make una vote o
@⁨~Godsaves⁩ @⁨~Bobby🖤⁩ @⁨~Airlin’s Parfait And Chops⁩ @⁨+ ⁩ @⁨~Ololademi Ashake⁩ @⁨~No $tress⁩ @⁨+ ⁩ @⁨~Richard😎⁩ @⁨~DunDun 🐒⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩ @⁨~SC⁩ @⁨~siphon_luli⁩ @⁨~Omotoyosi💕💕⁩ @⁨~O.B.F_Season⁩ @⁨~MBM Clothing enterprises⁩ @⁨~Sirnexco💫⁩ @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ @⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
Make una vote nah
Thank you for your message. We're unavailable right now, but will respond as soon as possible.
Vote pls
Okay boss
Person way go school for or years finish no see work Na she won see husband dey play
😂
Mr olumide still single Both of u no go too bad Ur stories go touch and open some people eyes✌️
Éyé man
Has as how
My oga
You Dey craze😂
Werey re o😂
Richard is that ur vote? You not interested?
E wan marry
The voting stuff isn’t a joke
Pls the rest shld vote Micheal abeg tag others
Woo anybody wey wan come make e come………. Make I Dey tag bawo
😂
So they can vote
Lol 🤣🤣
I don marry already My wife go soon born
Am not interested today Na my wife dey control me I fit beg her She fit change her mind make I later come 😔
Why u dey raise ur voice na 😏
Yes,l m interested And I will pay How much
Good afternoon
Pls vote here
How far
I Dey my oga
Ok
😏😏
Good evening
Werey Na today you just dey active?
He Dey do yahoo nah😂
How much and who are we paying too or where we dy do am self ?
Who break your mouth ?
Na you
No vex daddy
Congratulation to me Have given birth oo
One girl like that
Na twins we both girls
Congratulations Richard @⁨~Richard😎⁩
//, : - Busayo Sch: Una no Dey sleep
Na nurtw u dey work?
Na night work you dey do abi
Okay
Hi
Losun
Make una pay una get together money oooo
Paper ni
Pls pay ur money 😂
Nah so una no later do reunion again fuck 🤦‍♀️
Lols
Wetin be fuck 😂
LoL 🤣🤣🤣
Which be una?
Na busayo make whona ask
Wetin be my own
Make I no swear for you😂
Ahah abeg o😂
As ppl no turn up nah
As how na 😁😂
Guy swear e no fit do anything for him body 🙃
Good afternoon everyone
Dey play
E no fit hold
Who be this 😂
You wan know right
Tobiloba
How far boss
Can you see weytin dey sup this group we no too sabh each other for here , the reason why this group still exist because those that known each other text and reply , if you check the group member now we are up to nah only member dey talk to each other if another member text we no go know the person
I dey
You sef no Dey active boss
When last you talk here?
Lol
Monkey
lol
Lol
Aboki
Make una sha Kan buy my wedding clothes
k for yards
Craze dey your head
I recognize you boss
Ur papa
Hmmm
Ripper
👍
How you Dey bro?
I dey my boss How the family
Family no good.
Dey offend you?
Help your boy
Happy birthday in advance to Busayo
Abi no be tomorrow be her bday again
Happy birthday @⁨Busayo Sch⁩. More life more blessings.
Na u b dis 😎😎😎
It’s Today ooooo Be like I no know my birthday before
Yes
Oh Happy birthday dear Long life and prosperity
Omo See beauty Obim
Happiest birthday love Age gracefully with every good things your heart desires in life
Make she do giveaway
Happy birthday 🎉🎉
Thanks babe
Thanks babe
More good life omo lile Sha do giveaway for us Is a season of love share love around 🥹
Share money and do give away mummy
MGL 🎉
Thank you
Oga do giveaway
There is love in sharing dear @⁨Busayo Sch⁩
lol
So you understand Yoruba
Happiest Birthday To U. Sha know say u don dea old make you find one man settle down with
Tobi
idan mi
Lago melo?😂
Una no like truth at all 😂
Lago melo bawo Busayomi
So u self don give up
Sorry name say make he forward am😂
All the ladies way dea this grounp, most of una don reach to marry but una dea select ehn
E se baddie Wayre ki ri
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ wherr u dea
Lol 😂, I dea always dea active na but I jus say make I follow una chat today
make this year no pass before u invite me come ur intro or wedding ooo
U way we go later find husband for if care is not taken 😂😂
Else say na Shine u marry
Dea play 😂😂
I don born
Waytin e come be 😂. Boyfriend material
Wayre naso them take dea born
You think say na u dea abi 😂😂😂
Just do mistake born one now make body tell you
Sheyb u still dea go gbadun once once
You wan write novel? Your story too much @⁨~Simon 😊⁩
He no well ni😂
I’m tired of hiding Tomorrow many wedding
Who won marry you
Come village too 😅
Lol thief, u wan do wedding u no sell aso ebi. Shey na I never chop u wan marry ni 😂😂😂
😅😅😅😅😅
Village bawo 😂. Me way dea Lagos since when
Ahaha God ooo😂
I be imbecile?😂
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ no worry we go later find husband give u if u don do shakara finish
Her husband Dey village
Hahahahhaa Florence na baddie ooooo u sef lie say u no trip for her 😂😂😂
Help me ask am ooooo
But joke apart some ladies for this group don almost and una no get guy way serious. We go later find husband give una se 😂
Like @⁨Busayo Sch⁩, how old are u today?
She go remove like years from her real age, make una dea watch
Guy shey dey just give you your phone ni. Today no be her birthday
years sir
Lol 😂. I just open group Chet see happy birthday ni
U don remove like years from ur age
Busayo u dea Lagos or IB?
Na collabo😂
@⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ u still dea hear from Maxwell?
Na wetin u want go determine where I dey😂
This year make we go do GetTogether for Cape Town nah
I no dey go
Na Doha me I want make we go
Idiroko ke😂
Werey 😂
Lol 😂 Waytin happen
Shoyawerey Who be Busayo😂
GOAT nai u be 😂😂
Pls who fit help me do k🤲
Make them say million ist
Pls make somebody send me k
Una no fit read
Use inside ur wedding money
No cap
This Richard na fool 😂😂😂😂
Me way don marry Na low-key I do Na only Michael and Senge knw
//, : - Busayo Sch: E no dey my hand😂
//, : - Busayo Sch: See werey teeth😂 You don lean o Marriage no easy o😂
Yes oo
Better😂 I for fear
Richard so u have money? Refund me my noodles money
Why u talk so
I dey struggle
Ahah Joy so you born twins you no tel us 😂
Dey play
//, : - + : U dey hot
So joy no be women supporting women anymore😂
Na wetin my belle dey crave😂
If I no chop peppery food I go vomit
This pregnancy dey show me shege
She don deny you
Na so all those babes dey do 😅
Yes boss. Keep hustling
I'm sorry It's actually a mistake
Shoyawerey 😂
Kilonwi
I no sure say this one dey okay 😂
Go buy car now
I tire oo
Busayo Wetin you Dey find up and down.
She dey find daily bread for afternoon
E good like that.
Yeah
Greener pasture
Ehn hen
Be like you don go smoke your Igbo😁
Good afternoon my people
Who be your people 😁
All of you na 😂😂
Our wife 🥹
Na person
Me and trouble that time na &😂
We know E still dey body Till old age 🙃
For my workplace now,any small thing Florence 😂
Go chop bro
Crazy ☹️😆😁
Casted
Them still even hold hands
Ah ah so them date that time I know na 😂
Get get some kind relationship wey sup that time wey them go Dey think say na secret relationship wey we know shoor
Na Micheal first love be this from jss
Jesus 😂😂😂😂
Omo JJ abeg where you see this pic
Omo I don laugh tier 😂😂😂😂
I swear @⁨Michael⁩ what did you think
I can’t even remember Pls let recreate ooo
Waytin be this 😂😂😂😂
I no think anything oooo
Make my wife no see this tb oooo
How you Dey now?
Am pretty good 🤗
Nice
When we Dey come for wedding.
I remember that time I wonder if me self no dey sleep for house I go don come early come dey sweep Even na me dey wake the school owner make them open door It is well😮‍💨😁
Rubbish school. E Kan be like na public school person go 🤣
Nothing different from our skl and public skl
If u no sweep,u go chop cane.As how nah😂
That school really whine person gan
Ajeh
Boys go pack dirt go give lawma 😂
I don go oke odo sef 🤣
I swear 😂
Ajeh
That school Just traumatize person
Lol 😂😂😂
Lol 😂😂😂
You be alumni 🤣
Alumni ofo wo
Make we go help them tiles all the class rooms
Lol 😂😂😂
They nearly kill person for that school. Parents dey see everything as training then.
Dem no train us ooo
Una be goat
You don wise all those times
You no dey gree for those teachers
😂😂😂
We been think say you be bad boy 😆😆😆
Because dem dy slogogo
Na that skl cause who I be now
Who you be 😂
Vampire 😂
Ahhhh
Omo! Nobody wan marry ni 😁
Very anyhow set of humans… make dem marry dem no gree
Ask busayo Na, she be ring leader Head of shine shine ladies club
Since all these years
Una don dy if not +
I tire like years after secondary school 🤣
There matter tire me ooo
All those babes no see husband 🤣
Ajeh
All those boys self no see wife
No wife oooo
Na them no won Marry us We get responsible men here
😂😂😂😂
Werey you get wetin you go give wife church
Yes na 😒😏
You sef don chop 🤣
Nop I even dey beg person money for transport go church self
Na by force to go church
If Una help me see husband
I’m ready
Xmeaon sef join wetin no make person see husband
Dem dey always pray for Una that time now
She no dey enter assembly And on Friday self She dey run for fellowship
Which foolish fellowship
Mr Solomon 🤣
Na that skl make me giran seh
The Solomon now don enter world😂
Ehn ehn
Dem go slap your face for bus stop…
Mr Tospy with cain
Seriously How you take know
Make I first roll my igbo sha. Nigeria don hard ☹️
Lol 😂😂😂 Make I walk go church My battle too much😔
Asap
You fit go babalawo place if you dey come back
You get sure plug?
Make Una involve me o
Oga face your problem ☹️
Na why I dey find solution
//, : - + :
Whona don shayo
Kan puff
Puff puff ni
//, : - Michael: You never ready
Shayo na shayo
It is well with ur soul
If u have telegram…. Signify for USDT
First buy chivita for me
I get egbon
Weh I won give u free k 😅😅
I go enter ur dm
Okey boss
If u get am… I go just put u through, by noon dem go credit ur coin wallet
I no get o
A very bad person😂
You never streak me today baby ☺️
How many telegram you need?
You Dey sell
Person wan pay me k for one telegram. Yours get same conditions?
I no pay or collect money
Click d link… it will direct u to telegram
Na me
//, : - + : Lol 😂😂😂 Wrong person
Amen🤲
Dey play😂
I go table am to God I pray he go quick solve ur own Because I know say ur own go too much
Send problem request and prayer request
Pray for them make dem see husband
U don marry? 😒
//, : - Busayo Sch: E no mean 😂
Werey😂
I don born
Me I don born
//, : - Busayo Sch: I for no go skl sef Mtcheeew
This whole thing just dey vex me
Werey 😆
I just waste my time
The that xmeon first whine me sef
Why dem dey make us believe say skl dey important
Mtcheeew
Make God blow trumpet sef
Abi wetin we still dey do😂
U dey shrine
Nothing ooo
Yes😂
Maybe trumpet don lost😂
On a low
Free k plus
//, : - Busayo Sch: You dey craze😂
Click d link… join d group and click continue
Na true na Make them do giveaway
Yes ooo
//, : - + : Click this link broski
//, : - Busayo Sch: Una Dey mad abi
Do giveaway
You no get him number Why u carry screenshot come here
Omo weyrey
Good morning y'all Hope whona sleep well If not na whona sabi. I just won tell you guys say I don born ☺️
Ahahahah this one plenty o
Lol 😂😂😂
Congratulations brother❤️💯
Congratulations brother
Mohammed how far
I'm good and u boss
I Dey alright.
Why be say any of our guys no gree marry or even born pikin na wa ooo
Na you go feed pikin
God go provide bros
Ok boss
You sef fit help God
Born first
Egbon go warm eba chop
I no get food for house self Na hope I dey wait for
Hope Dey Abule egba junction
You don represent us nah so no wahala
Junction way na werey people full there Na him you say hope dey?
Send pikin picture. Make we gather money for am
Dey play
Na to carry chair go sit down for junction find husband
You don use husband do boyfriend 😅
🤣🤣🥹🤣
//, : - Michael: Omolomo 😂
Na my pikin na Opay
Make Una send money for pikin ooo
E be like the father never pay hospital bills
Na TOAN people u go see as husband if u come that junction
How you take know 😔
Why you go born? You still dey struggle man
Na mistake And dey say make we go commot am
Okay now. Ma te le enu 😂
Mo ti te le bayi It is well
Go cuddle your wife. The weather is cold make una born another one.
Leave am nah
Sent
Wetin u send
Money
Richard u mean am say u born abi na cruise?
Wayre say na mistake……. Them dea use mistake comot pant or put dick inside? So u dea try tell us say na mistake u use cum
//, : - + : Me way never chop two meal a day won born ? I no won come suffer innocent child abeg
Lol God save u ooo for this Tinubu Era, U and the girl for cry pass the pikin 😂😂😂😂
But to be honest, e don over yes way we comot secondary sch and na jus few of us don born…….. ladies in the house Shey una guy no dea fertile or Waytin and guys Shey una woman no dea fertile ?
Egbon no money 😂😂😂😂
I don born
Make Una give me push gift😂
If u no later born for J me and u go fight Waytin no good Busayo
Na we you born for
Bros J
But I hear say u self don give person belle
Werey😂
Una dey quick term something
Eyin werey😂
I sha don born
Lol na fake news ooooo. U see poverty and belle I fear the two like Mad
Lol if u born we go hear Ma foo
Term or not I don tell u my own
Dem dey date 🤣🤣🤣
Why you dey send vn
Why you dey call me
Make Una born Una no gree Una con Dey argue who go born first 😏
Rain no fall for Una side ?
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Me wey I born,una no gree give me anything
Well I get suggestion sha oo 😂
Make Una Dey contribute money for anybody wey born So anytime thwm born we go credit them
The money should be in my acct btw 😏
Nobody wan born jare
Me I don born oooo
I wan born oo 😏 Make contribution start from me 😂
When ?
Na bad thing if u get belle this year born next year
Talking from experience
As how na
E fall like mad Shey cold dea catch u ni make you fall my syd 😂😂😂
You don fall inside gutter before ?
This bobo 🤣
No worry
Lol which kind question be this, na human being nah abi make Goat born for am 😂😂😂😂
I dea wait for una 😂😂😂
Rest joor
Abeg oooooo
Waytin man go do
So u no anticipate ur own ehn Joy 😂😂😂
Money way I dea find no gree come na why 😂😂😂. If I see $k upward I go marry this year no foo
Shey e too small ni 😂😂😂
You na big man
Guy abeg my helper fit dea here oooo I no be any big man
I no see food chop
Any guy ready to born for me Signify
I’m paying
U get m ?
Yes
Why not
Oya press k to show say u serious
Show me preek first make I know say u sef Dey serious
I need to know if u really get dick
Make he snap am give you
Yes nah
Oloshi leleyi oooo 😂😂😂😂
If u wan see dick come my location I no sabi send online
Na physical go make sense @⁨~Simon 😊⁩ give am location
……
I no find knack na business we wan do
I don send am e never load finish Wayre
Any other person?
Abi o😂
No I dey House come my location
Na both Joy and Busayo I go like make una come see am physical, if una don dea road I go call Deji for tools
Ajeh Leo herbs
Exactly
Happy birthday in arears @⁨BENEDICT STEPHEN😇 Sch⁩
Ladies ist
Lol I don die 😂😂😂😂😂
Na me first talk
Press money first
Make una dea come Alakuko
He bill me m
And I say I wan see wetin I wan put my money on
Abi o
Pls be fast
//, : - + :
I do on send am oooo
Baba kukuru ti o se gbe
Una no talk again now way I fin send am ooooo
Joy and busayo Whona don ment Whona won use our dick masturbate abi🤣🤣🤣 @⁨Rejoice❤️ Sch Joy⁩ @⁨Busayo Sch⁩
Put ur hand and do two sure with it 😂
Lol 😂😂😂
Okay Snap only ur nipples I go press k As whona no get money to give men
//, : - + : No be only two sure na direct u go see
Richard u don turn bald am finis o
Lol 🤣🤣
All of una dey enjoy o
Na POP house una Dey live
Am looking stressed Just coming back from the Market
Everybody for here na CEO to no fit join the call
Aswear to God 😂😂
Nice seeing you guys faces 🤣
🤣🤣
Okay sir
Okay boss
Soon
Am Into plumbing service If you have any plumbing issues and who you know someone that as plumbing issues u can reach me Am active and also available to travel nationwide and abroad ❤️☺️
Everywhere sir As far say na work and Money dey involved
Na why I leave una Na my company dey feed me
Lol 😂😂😂
Make Una help me join CEO set abeg
Sabi you dey sell gold and perfume
Noted sir
Hello everyone Wetin Dey sup now now + messages
Na you no dey active U dey do to abi?
Richard and Egana don show us prick tired🤭
I don miss you baby
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
How you Dey
Wetin he Dey talk lol i no fit read through text plenty
I Dey alright
He said he missed what yall had
Spokesperson 😏
Thanks for the position Ma’am
//, : - Michael: Oga if you no fit share money. No Dey tag me ☹️
Lol 🤣🤣🤣
//, : - Michael: You don Dey shoot porn?
😂🤣
I deh service my tools incase tinubu enter again
Make e no enter again ooo
😅😅 Deh prepare down o😅
I fit art ooo
Ogo
Lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Okay Odunlade
Omoyami
😂😂
Idan ki Dan Kilowa ejeh
Mowa pelu e omo aunty mi.
How that way?
Broke ppl
Make all this yahoo boys run the get together
Yahoo boy wey broke
Who dey date all of una sef
Who Dey date you too 😂
Me I no do yahoo nah
Broke ppl
Go do yahoo too 😂
Make Una contribute money run get together for us this year
Broke ppl
Abi times
Make Una dey go church
No money for transport to go
Trek
My name is always number
And na my name go even be number 😂
Hand don dey meet everybody😂
Na you go sponsor
Soft
Help me like this
Stop it!!!!😂
I knw na
Enikure 😂
Wetin pain me pass Ask her if u don get PhD
I no fit disclose to you guys😂
But my head go judge una sha
Una don dey bully me o 😂
That thing pain me 😹😹😹 He con be like say I Dey play with my life
Make Una leave me nah😂
Sheyb na all of us never make am still😂
Abi😂
Olorun seh
🚨🔴 Discussions between Tuchel’s agent and Bayern remain ongoing after meeting at club’s headquarters. The crucial points for Tuchel to stay are the total approval from supervisory board and contract extension. Tuchel wants to feel full confidence in order to accept to stay.
Manchester United want to sign Ollie Watkins as the -year-old fits the profile of player they are looking to recruit. (Source: )
Sure
Hello
Everyone
Which kind of group is this
Someone tell me
Please
Lmsoo
And you see the headline group before you asked the question 😂
And then when i see it so
I understand the group
No long cap you’ve already make my day 😂
If you don’t gerrit, forget about it 😅
OFFICIAL: Mbappe leads France Euro squad with Kanté, Griezmann & Zaire-Emery in💡
🚨😳 This is a list of players who’ve been left 𝐎𝐔𝐓 of France squad for Euro list! ❌ Michael Olise, Malo Gusto, Mohamed Simakan, Jean Clair Todibo, Ben Yedder, Christopher Nkunku, Mattéo Guendouzi, Axel Disasi, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Veretout and Moussa Diaby will not travel to Germany. Insane amount of players produced by France 🤯
Okay
//, : - + : 🚨 Chelsea left-back Marc Cucurella is back on Manchester United’s radar. {TEAMtalk}
🔵👀 Pep Guardiola: “We'd like to be - up after minutes vs West Ham… but it will not happen”. “I have a feeling it will be like Aston Villa in . We are ready. My players will never give up”.
But Caicedo is tagged a flop
Thiago Silva could speak on the pitch to the fans after the match, plans still being finalised by Chelsea. () #CFC
Phil Foden has been announced as the Premier League's Player of the Year with his sensational performances spearheading Man City's pursuit of the Premier League title.
Here is how much each team will be rewarded based on their respective positions on the Premier League - points table: Champions: USD . million Second: USD . million Third: USD . million Fourth: USD . million Fifth: USD . million Sixth: USD . million Seventh: USD . million Eighth: USD million Ninth: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million th: USD . million
Manchester City have won the Premier League Player of the Season award in each of the last five campaigns: ◎ Kevin De Bruyne (/) ◎ Rúben Dias (/) ◎ Kevin De Bruyne (/) ◎ Erling Haaland (/) ◉ Phil Foden (/) #PLAwards
I know Phil foden is a good player oo But let talk about Ollie watkin Ahhhh Aba
Ollie Watkins had a very good season too but I think Phil Foden deserves it
Leverkusen is about to set new record in Bundesliga 🤞🏼
Arsenal still belief
We move next season
Moving every season
E shie oo
We keep moving
*GET ₦, CASH TRANSFER(LAST PHASE) BY FG* Federal Government *₦,* Presidential Conditional Grant Scheme (LAST PHASE) is ongoing for Nigerians youth that are yet to recieve their payment. *NOTE:* Your Bank Details Must Be Valid To Avoid Payment Error. *GET NOW*
I dash u my own Use am buy land for your family…
😜😜😜
Ur team no get joy I heard na small coach u wan appoint
Chelsea have no plans to go back to Thomas Tuchel, Jose Mourinho or Antonio Conte as they start the process of replacing Mauricio Pochettino. -
Make u na go collect De zerbi
Those new owners no sabi anything
Chelsea is in big wahala with these new owners, Pochettino only wants to take part in signing and also don't want some certain players to go but them no gree
Okay
Let wait n see
🚨❗️Kieran McKenna, Thomas Frank and Vincent Kompany are to be considered as Mauricio Pochettino’s replacement. () #CFC
🚨 Chelsea have discussed Eddie Howe. () #CFC #justcfc
Mogbe 😂🥲
Chelsea don turn to joke
Walai
Why Wenger oooo
Mourinho: “Reaching two consecutive European finals with Roma was impossible: that’s why they fired me.”
Kieran McKenna has given Chelsea the green light to step up their approach. He is keen on the job. Ipswich Town are thought to be able to command compensation north of £M for McKenna. 🔗 Nick Purewal - Standard Sport
Bayern Munich have decided NOT TO PAY the €m compensation fee that Burnley are demanding for Vincent Kompany. Talks are ongoing between the two clubs to reach an agreement. Kompany is waiting for the green light to make the move. 🟢 (Source: )
Transfer of coaches just they go up n down Sacking and Appointing
For everyone that participated in the group Football-talk Fantasy premier League Check your position at the table 😁
Omo i carry sha
Naw u win this one no be @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ this time around
I just give u guys chance to do well niii
Atleast you dey ahead @⁨+ ⁩ 😂💔
My guy dey always dey below ni sha 😂
I kuku know 😂 Me I sha don carry first this time
He go soon come with different excuses now
Lolll
At least I carry th 🤣
Manchester City are still exploring a move for Bruno Guimarães having made contact with the player's camp. Guimarães has a £m release clause valid until the final week in June.
Bruno Guimarães during the / Premier League season: ◉ Most fouls won () ◉ Most duels won () ◉ Most possession won () ◉ Most high turnovers () ◎ assists ◎ goals This summer's £m man. 🤑
🔵🇳🇬 Excl: young Nigerian striker Ibrahim Hafiz Umar () on the verge of joining Chelsea after very positive trial with the Academy. Chelsea are closing in on deal with Ojodu City Academy to decide whether they want to loan Hafiz to Strasbourg or sign him for Chelsea. 🔗 Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia
Atalanta won 🏆 Man United won 🏆 Dortmund go do miracle too 🤔
United's worst season in years, won a major trophy. Arsenal's best season in years according to their fans, won absolutely nothing. This is football heritage.
Erling Haaland for Manchester City: finals. goals.
• You said earlier this week if you had to lose the final you want them to be better, not because of yourselves, do feel this was the case today? 🗣️ - Guardiola: "No." • You don't think Manchester United were better? 🗣️ - Guardiola: "No."
Kylian Mbappé goes out on top as PSG claim their first Coupe de France title since 🇫🇷 - x Ligue 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆 - x Coupe de France 🏆🏆🏆🏆 - x Trophée des Champions 🏆🏆🏆 - x Coupe de la Ligue 🏆🏆 - PSG's all-time leading goalscorer () ⚽️
Toni Kroos' final LaLiga game by numbers: touches (most) passes (most) % shot accuracy .% pass accuracy passes into final ⅓ (most) / long passes completed (most) tackles made interceptions The Gold standard for midfielders. 👑
Olivier Giroud says goodbye to AC Milan and European football! 🔴⚫️👋🏻 “When I was young I dreamed about this Milan, now I had a spell that I am proud of. I will never forget these years at Milan”, Olivier says.
🌍🏆 FIFA Club World Cup Team Update: 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿Chelsea 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿Man City 🇪🇸Real Madrid 🇪🇸Atletico Madrid 🇩🇪Bayern Munich 🇩🇪Borussia Dortmund 🇫🇷PSG 🇮🇹Inter Milan 🇮🇹Juventus 🇵🇹Porto 🇵🇹Benfica 🇦🇹RB Salzburg 🇧🇷Palmeiras 🇧🇷Flamengo 🇧🇷Fluminense 🇦🇷River Plate 🇳🇿Auckland City 🇸🇦Al Hilal 🇯🇵Urawa Red Diamonds 🇦🇪Al Ain 🇰🇷Ulsan HD 🇪🇬Al Ahly 🇲🇦Wydad AC 🇹🇳ES Tunis 🇿🇦Sundowns 🇲🇽Monterrey 🇲🇽Club León 🇺🇸Seattle Sounders #CFC
For the first time in their history, Southampton have been promoted back to the top flight in the season following relegation. Russel Martin leads the Saints straight back to the Premier League. 🆙
🚨🚨| OFFICIAL: Lautaro Martínez is Serie A Player of the Season. 🇦🇷🌟
Inter finish their Scudetto-winning year with points, only three teams have earned more in a Serie A season. ▪️ wins ▪️ draws ▪️ losses ▪️ scored ▪️ conceded ▪️ pts clear of second What. A. Season. 🔵⚫
🔵👋🏻 Mason Greenwood says goodbye to Getafe: “Incredibly grateful to the Getafe family and fans for an amazing season. It was a pleasure to play for you, I wish you all the best”. ↪️ Greenwood returns to Man United and plan is still clear: priority’s to sell Mason this summer.
Golden Boot winners in Europe's top-five leagues: Premier League: Erling Haaland () 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 LaLiga: Artem Dovbyk () 🇪🇸 Serie A: Lautaro Martinez () 🇮🇹 Bundesliga: Harry Kane () 🇩🇪 Ligue : Kylian Mbappe () 🇫🇷
Romano: ​Chelsea and Enzo Maresca are set to agree on contract terms
The only managers who were able to win a league title against Pep Guardiola: 🇪🇸 Jose Mourinho with Real Madrid /: points. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Antonio Conte with Chelsea in /: points. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Jürgen Klopp with Liverpool in /: points Pep Guardiola has only lost titles during his years managerial career. This is madness
Only two players from Europe's top seven divisions were directly involved in + league goals in /: ◉ - Luuk de Jong ◉ - Harry Kane Huge output. 💪
#Speculation: Man United could be bumped down to the Conference League as OGC Nice (another Club owned by INEOS) finished higher in their respective league, according to If it happens, then, Chelsea will get the Europa League ticket. 🕵️ Keep an eye on this issue. INEOS are confident the situation will be resolved, issuing a statement which read: "We are aware of the position of the two clubs and we are in direct dialogue with UEFA. We are convinced that we have a solution for next season in Europe".
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚:"Manchester United could be bumped down to the Conference League as OGC Nice (another Club owned by INEOS) finished higher in their respective league."🥶🔥 "If it happens, then, Chelsea will get the Europa League t!cket."
🚨🔵 Chelsea have agreed to appoint Enzo Maresca as new head coach, here we go! ❗️ Understand the agreement is now done on contract valid until June , five year deal. It will also include an option to extend until June . #CFC, set to pay compensation fee to Leicester.
Chelsea shaaa won go Europa
years Chelsea just they waste money up n down
The person wey no go use season finished
🗣️ Erik ten Hag on new Liverpool boss Arne Slot: "People have been overly lyrical about Feyenoord. They were steady this year, but not top. PSV were better than the rest by such a long distance... even so much better than Feyenoord."
🚨🇧🇷 | BREAKING: Al Nassr wants to sign Alisson Becker, reports .
Khvicha Kvaratskhelia's agent to Gazzetta Georgia on the interest from PSG: "There is interest and an offer from PSG, everything depends on the decision of Napoli and its president.”
🔴⚪️🇦🇷 Erik Lamela leaves Sevilla as free agent, decision confirmed for former Spurs winger. He’s set to pick his next club for free in the next weeks.
🚨🚨| OFFICIAL: Arteta wins Globe Soccer Premier League manager of the season.
🚨 OFFICIAL: Xabi Alonso has won Globe Soccer’s Manager of the Year.
🚨🚨| OFFICIAL: Kylian Mbappe has won Globe Soccer’s Men European Player of the Year.
🚨🚨| OFFICIAL: Lamine Yamal is La Liga U player of the season. 🇪🇦🌟
No Barcelona player
Top scorer no dey there
Yes oo
🚨 JUST IN: PSG did NOT pay Kylian Mbappé's salary in April. They also did NOT pay him a big bonus they owed him in February. Lawyers are now involved. 🇫🇷
🚨 NEW: Nasser Al-Khelaifi simply CANNOT accept the fact that Kylian Mbappé is joining Real Madrid for free. He's currently refusing to pay the player a total of €M, in salary and bonus. 🇫🇷
🗣️ Carlo Ancelotti: "When I started, I wasn't like this." "I had one system that I learnt at AC Milan from Arrigo Sacchi. It was --. And for this I refused to have Roberto Baggio at Parma because he wanted to play # role." "I said, ‘No, I don’t play #.’ He was one of the best players in the world at the time and I refused to have him because I just wanted to play with two strikers." "Today, I would say, ‘Baggio, come to Parma, and we’ll arrange the situation.’ Instead I told him, ‘Listen, Roberto, there is no space for you’ – and he went to Bologna instead. It was a mistake and I tried to change my idea when I went to Juventus." "I had Zidane, and he was #. Should I put him right, or left? Impossible. Zidane is the most important player in my team and he has to be # and I have to adapt. From there I always took into account the characteristics of the players to build the system.”
🗣️ Carlo Ancelotti: "To try and have one identity for your team is a limit." "We played a game in the Champions League against Shakhtar Donetsk. Very good team, Roberto De Zerbi was their coach. What he was doing with full backs, and different positions, really good." "But I said to my players, they want you to press. Don’t press. If you press they will pass the ball around you. Don’t press, and they will give the ball to you. We didn’t press – and we won -.”
🚨 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: Hansi Flick signs today as new Barça manager on two year contract! 🔵🔴🇩🇪 Flick replaces Xavi Hernández, strongly wanted by the president Joan Laporta as new head coach until . How do you rate this appointment 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝟏 𝐭𝐨 𝟏𝟎? ✨
🚨🇩🇪:- Jurgen Klopp on Liverpool possibly getting three Premier League titles if Man City are found guilty of their charges: “If you organise a bus parade, I’m in.” 😂❤️
🚨🗣 Jürgen Klopp: "We should be really happy that we have these owners and not guys who bought London clubs and other stuff. I wouldn’t have survived a year at Liverpool (with them in charge). ‘Great development but not good enough, sack him!’ A year later: ‘Sack him’." 😳 "Then finally they play football where people think they might be back and they sack the manager anyway. People always think the grass is greener but we have owners who really feel responsible for the club and work really hard as well to be successful. I felt supported. We did it as good as we could have done and I’m fine with it.” () #CFC
🇦🇷 The Argentine National Team is waiting for authorization for Chelsea midfielder Enzo Fernández for the Olympic Games. He is not confirmed yet. (via )
🚨🇦🇷 Nicolás Otamendi () and Julián Álvarez () will play for Argentina at the Olympics this summer. They are all in, reports ! 🔜
Diogo Costa has been approached by Chelsea, who are looking for a new goalkeeper. FC Porto are open to selling him if they receive a satisfactory offer. Manchester City are also interested. (via )
Vincent Kompany's managerial career so far: ◎ matches ◎ wins ◎ draws ◎ defeats ◉ .% win rate The -year-old is officially #FCBayern's new head coach. 🤝
Phil Foden: “This has been my best season. I’ve scored important goals in important games. I want to continue putting in performances like I have been doing. I want to be an important player. I want to be the one that creates and scores goals. I want to decide the games!” 😍💪
Atlético Madrid are willing to offer João Félix in a swap deal for Mason Greenwood to Manchester United! (Source: )
Carlo Ancelotti: "You see, there is no 'Ancelotti style' - there is no style for me because I change. "Against Manchester City in #UCL QF we played low block, strong defence. We have played that way this season one or two times, no more." "We don’t play like that, we are more attacking. But I saw that as the way to compete and to win that game."
🗣️ Carlo Ancelotti: “To have only one identity of your team is a limit. We played a game in the UCL against Shakhtar. Very good team, Roberto De Zerbi was their coach. What he was doing with full backs, and different positions, really good. But I said to my players, they want you to press. Don’t press. If you press they will pass the ball around you. Don’t press, and they will give the ball to you. We didn’t press — and we won -.”
Gallagher is understood to have been one of the reasons for Mauricio Pochettino’s departure as Pochettino did not want to sell the midfielder. Aston Villa are looking at Conor Gallagher as they attempt to boost the squad ahead of next season’s Champions League campaign, with Chelsea open to doing business due to Profit and Sustainability Rules. 🔗 Miguel Delaney - Independent
🚨 Chelsea and Man City are both interested in signing Alphonso Davies, however, the left-back wants to join Real Madrid. (Source: GraemeBailey)
Jurgen Klopp: "We should be really happy we have them and not guys who bought London clubs. I wouldn't have survived a year at Liverpool. Finally they play football which everyone thinks "Oh, they might be back" and then they sack the manager anyway."
#Chelsea have hired merchant bank BDT & MSD Partners to advise the club on the possible sale of a minority stake in its women’s football team
More reason why he didn't achieve more. Poke nose into matter that doesn't concern him🤣🤣
No free odd games on this group
🤣🤣🤣
Give us game to chop jare
Two years ago, Chelsea confirmed the sale of the club to Todd Boehly: 🧠 Managers: ✍️ Players Signed: 💰 Money Spent: £ billion+ 📊 League position: th & th Describe his time at Chelsea in ONE word? 🤔👇
Gerard Pique has been placed under investigation by the court examining allegations of corruption at the Spanish FA during Luis Rubiales’ time as president. The court has decided to take this action over “possible illegalities with criminal implications” regarding commissions received by Pique’s company Kosmos in the deal to move the Supercopa de Espana to Saudi Arabia. It said his company Kosmos would be paid €million a year as commission. The Spanish FA (RFEF) earns €m a year from the deal, which is due to run until . Pique and Kosmos have insisted the deal was all above board. Rubiales was placed under investigation by the court, in Majadahonda in the community of Madrid, in April. He has strongly denied the corruption allegations, as has his replacement as Spanish FA president, Pedro Rocha. Rocha, who took over after Rubiales decided to resign in September (having already been suspended by FIFA over his behaviour at the Women’s World Cup final the month before) was also placed under investigation in April
Paulo Dybala has a €m release clause for clubs outside Seria A. Roma want to keep him. They will speak to him, and they want him to stay,
Wen did u turn to broadcaster
Am admin here
Buh na Uthman they give us update before U wey know no ball again
You no ball reach me
I no get time before
Eweeee How many my body
Buh u get time now
If u don wear ur music 🎶 cloth shaa send picture to me
Ok
*Africa's Highest Goalscorers in /:* Serhou Guirassy 🇬🇳 - goals, assists in games Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - goals, assists in games Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang 🇬🇦 - goals, assists in games Abderrazak Hamdallah 🇲🇦 - goals, assists in games Micheal Olunga 🇰🇪 - goals, assists in games Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - goals, assists in games Simon Banza 🇨🇩 - goals, assists in games Youssef En-Nesyri 🇲🇦 - goals, assists in games Mohamed Kudus 🇬🇭 - goals, assists in games Victor Boniface 🇳🇬 - goals, assists in games Ademola Lookman 🇳🇬 - goals, assists in games #TAA️⃣️⃣
🚨 Cristiano Ronaldo with Al-Nassr so far: ❌ Lost Saudi Pro League titles ❌ Lost Saudi Super Cup titles ❌ Lost Saudi King Cup titles ❌ Lost AFC Champions League title ✅ Won Champions Cup (Friendly) ❌ Lost Riyadh Super Cup title ❌ Lost Riyadh Season Cup title
Real Madrid have played eight Champions League finals in the UCL era and have not lost a single one: 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 Good luck, Dortmund. 😅 #UCLFinal
🏆 Tonight Carlo #Ancelotti wins the th #ChampionsLeague of his amazing and incredible career UCL as coach (ACMilan , ACMilan , Real Madrid , Real Madrid , Real Madrid ) UCL as player (ACMilan , AC Milan )
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Arda Güler becomes the first Turkish player to win Champions League!
years. Bundesliga titles. Champions League. Champions League finals lost. Marco Reus' Borussia Dortmund carer comes to an end. 💔
🏆🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 -year-old Jude Bellingham in his debut season for Real Madrid: ⚽️ goals 🅰️ assists 🏆 La Liga Champion 🏆 Champions League Winner 🎖️ La Liga POTS Absolutely incredible ✨
Real Madrid have won the European Cup/Champions League without losing a single game for the first time in their history. WWWWWWWDDWDWW ◉ Goals: ◉ Conceded: ◉ Clean sheets: Their th title is an invincible one. 🏆
Florentino Perez: "We need to win the th next season."
⚽️ / Champions League Top Scorers: 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Harry Kane (Bayern) - 🇫🇷 Kylian Mbappé (Paris) - 🇧🇷 Vinícius Júnior (Real Madrid) - 🇫🇷 Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) - 🇳🇴 Erling Haaland (Man City) - 🇦🇷 Julián Álvarez (Man City) - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Phil Foden (Man City) - 🇧🇷 Galeno (Porto) - 🇩🇰 Rasmus Højlund (Man United) - 🇪🇸 Álvaro Morata (Atlético de Madrid) - 🇧🇷 Rodrygo (Real Madrid) - 🇪🇸 Joselu (Real Madrid) -
⚽️ All-time top goal scorers in UCL: .🇵🇹Cristiano Ronaldo - .🇦🇷Lionel Messi - .🇵🇱Robert Lewandowski - .🇫🇷Karim Benzema - .🇪🇸Raúl González - .🇳🇱Ruud van Nistelrooy - .🇺🇦Andriy Shevchenko - .🇩🇪Thomas Müller - .🇫🇷Thierry Henry - .🇮🇹Filippo Inzaghi - .🇸🇪Zlatan Ibrahimović - .🇪🇸Alfredo Di Stéfano - .🇪🇬Mohamed Salah - .🇫🇷Kylian Mbappé - .🇦🇷Sergio Agüero - .🇵🇹Eusébio - According to UEFA
🚨⚪️ Luka Modrić stays at Real Madrid as he will sign new deal next week — here we go, confirmed. Final meeting will Florentino Pérez will be exactly as expected: put pen to paper, take pictures, then announce it. Modrić didn’t care about money, he rejected two big proposals.
Chelsea will receive approximately £m - £m in bonuses from Real Madrid for winning the Champions League last night:- ✅£m - £m bonus payment for Eden Hazard ✅£m bonus payment for Kepa Arrizabalaga
🚨 BREAKING: Fede Valverde’s goal vs Manchester City is named UCL Goal of the Season.
🗣️ Emmanuel Macron: "When's the [Real Madrid] announcement?" 🗣️ Kylian Mbappe: "Tonight. Tonight." 👀
Highest rated goalkeepers in Europe's top five leagues this season (+ apps): ◎ . - Gianluigi Donnarumma ◎ . - Michele Di Gregorio ◎ . - Alphonse Areola ◎ . - Elia Caprile ◎ . - Andrii Lunin
Chelsea’s bid to turn down game suspension for Reece James’s red card has been UNSUCCESSFUL. Chelsea claimed that James was ‘disoriented’ after being fouled from behind, that Pedro ‘made contact' as he ran past, and that: ‘It had not been his intention to harm Mr Pedro, he was simply pushing him away with his foot” 🔗 Kieran Gill - Daily Mail
🚨🗣️ Cesc Fabregas has singled out three players who he believes have tarnished their careers by joining Manchester United: “Casemiro won Champions League after Champions League at Real Madrid. He was the best defensive midfielder in the world and then he goes to Manchester United and looks like a completely different player. “Look at Sancho. He's not doing well at United, he goes to Dortmund and he looks again like the player we all thought he was going to be.” “Look at the midfielder that impressed for Morocco at the World Cup [Amrabat], he was fantastic. And then he goes to Man United and he's not been the same player.” “Obviously it makes me think that something is wrong there. It's not a coincidence that three top, top players come in and they are not good all of a sudden.”
Better talk
🔵🔴 Laporta: “Xavi told me that he trusted this team, but then some of his statements looked like he changed his speech”. “It caused me to rethink… and I had the feeling that I had to do a change, also with the same feeling shared with the board”.
🚨 Kevin de Bruyne: “Saudi? At my age you have to be open to everything”. “You're talking about incredible amounts of money in the last stage of my career, you have to think about that”. “For my wife, an exotic adventure is okay. I have to think about my future”, told .
God,Damnit
her career is over,no doubt
🚨🟡🔵 José Mourinho on links with Romelu Lukaku and Paulo Dybala: “Let me be clear: I have ZERO interest in any player from AS Roma”.
🚩 World’s Most Valuable Players (via CIES Football) 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Bellingham - €m 🇳🇴 . Haaland - €m 🇧🇷 . Vinicius - €m 🇧🇷 . Rodrygo - €m 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Foden - €m 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Saka - €m 🇦🇷 . J. Álvarez - €m 🇪🇸 . Lamine Yamal - €m 🇳🇴 . Odegaard - €m 🇩🇪 . Wirtz - €m 🇧🇷 . Martinelli - €m 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Palmer - €m 🇺🇾 . Valverde - €m 🇩🇰 . Hojlund - €m 🇩🇪 . Musiala - €m 🇩🇪 . Havertz - €m 🇭🇷 . Gvardiol - €m 🇦🇷 . Garnacho - €m 🇫🇷 . Camavinga - €m 🇳🇱 . Xavi Simons - €m 🇫🇷 . Zaire-Emery - €m 🇭🇺 . Szoboszlai - €m 🇺🇾 . D. Nunez - €m 🇫🇷 . Tchouameni - €m 🇧🇷 . B. Guimaraes - €m
Julián Álvarez chatted with Pep Guardiola in private and made only one request: let him play the Olympic Games with Argentina. 🇦🇷 He argued that Pep doesn't give him the minutes he wants at Manchester City. ⚠️ (Source: )
OFFICIAL: AFCON will be delayed by six months to the start of . The finals in Morocco were scheduled for next June but that will clash with Club World Cup, set for June -July in the US. This, per CAF general secretary Veron Mosengo-Omba, is the reason.
Fenerbahçe have confirmed that José Mourinho will earn a salary of €M over two seasons. 🇹🇷 (Source: )
Kylian Mbappé's game by numbers vs. Luxembourg: % take-ons completed (/) touches (nice) touches in opp. box shots duels won shots on target fouls won assists goal Involved in all three goals. 👏
Here are the further details on the Civil War in English Football's Top Flight as reported by Times Sport: - Clubs might seek over £ billion in compensation from Manchester City if found guilty of charges for financial regulation breaches. They could claim compensation for not finishing above City in the league. - Some clubs want the tribunal to not only penalize City with a points deduction but also have the power to expel them from the league. They don't necessarily want City to lose previous titles but expect appropriate punishment if found guilty. - Clubs are upset with City for challenging Premier League rules, especially since City approved similar changes in November , including those related to Associated Party Transactions (APT). [Matt Lawton - Times Sport]
Ten to twelve clubs have backed the Premier League's defense against Manchester City in the legal dispute over the Associated Party Transaction rules, providing letters or witness statements. [Times Sport]
🚨 BREAKING: A report claim Arsenal are responsible for leaking details of Manchester City's upcoming case against the Premier League ()
🚨🚨| 𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐎𝐑𝐃: Olivier Giroud becomes the 𝐎𝐋𝐃𝐄𝐒𝐓 player to play a match for France national team ( years and days). 🇫🇷🍷
🚨🤍 Luka Modrić has signed his new contract valid until June , Real Madrid have just counter-signed it. Done, sealed, completed. Modrić stays for one more season. 🔟✨
Kylian Mbappé has been directly involved in goals across senior appearances for club & country. He has now provided more assists for France () than Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry. 🇫🇷
EXCL: PSG are willing to let out Goncalo Ramos on loan next season. Napoli are exploring that option.
The Premier League has sent a 'VAR Improvement Plan' to clubs before the annual general meeting today. The League claims there would be more incorrect refereeing decisions made per season if clubs vote to get rid of VAR. (Source: )
The Premier League have admitted to clubs that VAR delays grew by more than % last season amid plans for a refereeing "improvement plan" to be implemented next season. (Source: Guardian)
Premier League clubs have been turned into "playthings of American wealth funds and billionaire Arabs who do not care about football", according to former Chelsea owner Ken Bates. (Source: )
Aston Villa have proposed to increase the amount of money clubs can lose under PSR rules in the Premier League over a -year period from £m to £m. This is set to get the green light in today's meeting. (Source: )
Manchester United’s end-of-season review and decision on Erik ten Hag’s future will not go beyond this week. (Source: )
🇧🇪🗣️ Romelu Lukaku: "Saudi Arabia wouldn't stop me. The level will only rise there. To a much higher level than many people think." "More and more footballers will tend to play there. The infrastructure needs even better, but all the major European top clubs know: 'Saudi Arabia is coming'." (HLN)
Romelu Lukaku on a possible move to Saudi Arabia: “It was really intense last year. For two days my mind was split: ‘I am going, I am not going’. In the end I was a bit scared I think….” Doubts arose because Lukaku at the time was still guessing about the level and circumstances in Saudi Arabia. But he’s more open to it now… “I have often spoken with Yannick about life there. He lives in a compound there, but you really have everything there.” That plus the “unbelievable amounts” - says De Bruyne - and the ambitious project of the Public Investment Fund make Lukaku open to the adventure. “Saudi Arabia wouldn't stop me. The level will only increase. To a much higher level than many people think. More and more footballers will tend to play there. Also because of how the fans there experience football. The infrastructure still needs to be improved, but all major European top clubs know: 'Saudi Arabia is coming'. You already see that in boxing, golf, Formula ...”
🟡⚫️ Borussia Dortmund initial proposal for Ian Maatsen will be around €m, in order to start talks with Chelsea. Release clause is £m, clubs expected to discuss in the next days. Maatsen, BVB priority but they need different price or will consider alternatives.
🚨Victor Osimhen is still expected to leave Napoli this summer, but it won’t be to join Chelsea. 🚫 (Source: FabrizioRomano)
🇺🇾 Darwin Núñez has goals in his last appearances for Uruguay. ⚽️ vs Colombia ⚽️ vs Brazil ⚽️ vs Argentina ⚽️⚽️ vs Bolivia ⚽️⚽️⚽️ vs Mexico All together he has goal contributions for Uruguay in matches since September . A pretty incredible run.
Maddison na injury go be Buh jones no go play min
Toor
Six Premier League clubs face having to sell players before the end of June to comply with profit and sustainability rules. - Chelsea - Aston Villa - Newcastle - Everton - Nottingham Forest - Leicester City ...are all under pressure. (SkySportsNews) #CFC #justcfc
Jose Mourinho on Euros & Kane:”The only thing he is missing is to win a trophy. He was my player at Tottenham and I was going to win one with him, but I was sacked six days before the final.”
Former Ghana & Kotoko midfielder Ntow Gyan on Peace FM. “Because of age cheating, I’m years in the records but in reality, my first born is years”. African players 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Shey all this , , Brazil no tire us ni 😑
Project work niii
Na until we started battling not to relegate them go know say na yeye project them dey do
Na copy n paste then wan do
🚨 Julian Alvarez is believed to be favouring a move to Chelsea this summer over PSG as he wants to continue in England.🔵 Follow () for more Chelsea updates
Yes
Abi
Opooor fun Chelsea
⚽️ UEFA Champions League 🏆 Captains who won the Champions League by Year: : Dechamps (Marseille) : Tassotti (AC Milan) : Blind (Ajax) : Vialli (Juventus) : Reuter (Borussia Dortmund) : Sanchis (Real Madrid) : Schmeichel (Man Utd) : Sanchis (Real Madrid) : Effenberg (Bayern Munich) : Hierro (Real Madrid) : Maldini (AC Milan) : Costa (Porto) : Gerrard (Liverpool) : Puyol (Barcelona) : Maldini (AC Milan) : Ferdinand (Man Utd) : Puyol (Barcelona) : Zanetti (Inter) : Abidal (Barcelona) : Lampard (Chelsea) : Lahm (Bayern Munich) : Casillas (Real Madrid) : Xavi (Barcelona) : Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) : Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) : Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) : Henderson (Liverpool) : Neuer (Bayern Munich) : Azpilicueta (Chelsea) : Benzema (Real Madrid) : Gündogan (Man City) : Nacho (Real Madrid)
Arsenal nko?
🤪🤪
Make Arsenal wait for FA cup own🥱
Na champions league own we want
Is like waiting for Jesus to come ni o nobody knows when e go happen
Anytime shaaa niiii
E fit no be this our generation sef😂
Na that year jame hot 🔥 pass
So a single match na m n then will play like / matches
So that’s /m
Julian Alvarez: “These are things that are said, but I am calm; I am comfortable and happy at City; we will see what happens.” {ESPN Argentina}
🚨🟡 Étienne Capoue leaves Villarreal as free agent with immediate effect.
Nigeria 🇳🇬
Stupid team
Foolish team
Abiii Awon were players
🚨🇸🇮 EXCLUSIVE: Benjamin Šeško has decided to STAY at RB Leipzig and sign new contract on improved terms! Decision made for talented striker, similar to what Haaland decided back in the days at BVB. ❗️ Šeško will stay at Leipzig with a new gentlemen agreement for future exit.
🚨🇵🇱 Robert Lewandowski has suffered a torn biceps femoris muscle yesterday night, he will miss opening game vs Netherlands. Poland report they are doing everything so he can play in nd match.
🚨🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo: “I don't have many years left in football… so, I have to enjoy it”. “I'm in love with football. Every game is special, imagine at the Euros with Portugal, you feel proud... it's a dream, like when I was ”.
🇵🇹 international goals with Portugal and career goals for Cristiano Ronaldo. Brace again, tonight. ✨
Jose Mourinho’s predictions! 🔮👀 🥇 EURO winners: Portugal 🥈 EURO runner-up: England 🤖 Golden Boot: Harry Kane ⭐️ EURO POTT: Jude Bellingham 🇧🇷 Ballon d’Or: Vinicius Jr …what would you change in your own predictions? ✨
🚨🚨BREAKING: Mason Greenwood to Juventus the deal is in final stages! €m + addons & % of the next sale! Also the buy-back clause is included. Greenwood wants the move, personal terms not a problem. Deal can be completed this week. #MUFC #JUVE
Leagues represented by the highest number of players at UEFA EURO : ▫️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Premier League: players ▫️🇮🇹 Serie A: ▫️🇩🇪 Bundesliga: ▫️🇪🇸 La Liga: ▫️🇫🇷 Ligue : ▫️🇹🇷 Turkish Super League: ▫️🇨🇿 Czech First Division: ▫️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Championship: Sky Sports Football | News
Nicolò Barella has now scored the same amount of goals for Italy as Gianfranco Zola, Lorenzo Insigne and Antonio Cassano. He moves into double figures. 🔟 #EURO
Nicolo Barella () has now scored more goals for Italy than Francesco Totti (). 🇮🇹 #EURO
Dani Carvajal in June : ⚽️ vs. Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League Final ⚽️ vs. Croatia in Spain’s opening game at EURO What a month he is having so far. 🔥🔥🔥
year-old Dani Carvajal is playing in a EUROs for the first time in his career. 🇪🇸 #EURO
Only three European men have played at + different World Cup / European Championship tournaments: 🇩🇪 Lothar Matthäus 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo 🇭🇷 Luka Modrić Ballon d'Or winners only. 🌕 #EURO
🚨 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: N’Golo Kanté has won 𝐔𝐄𝐅𝐀 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐲𝐞𝐫 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐌𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 for tonight! 🥇🇫🇷 touches .% passes completed key passes accurate long balls tackles last-man tackle clearance interceptions ball recoveries ground duels won x dribbled past 𝐂𝐥𝐚𝐬𝐬 𝐢𝐬 𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐞𝐧𝐭. 💙✨
Portugal are the only team to reach the knockout stages of the Euros at each of the past seven editions, a run stretching back to the . Portugal were the only team to win % of their games in the Euro qualifying campaign (/). They also scored more goals than any other team () while attaining the best defensive record (two goals conceded in games). They play tomorrow 🔥🔥🔥
Aritz Adorrs : “ In the game against Real Madrid I hit Kepler Lima(Pepe) on the head and Sergio Ramos came to me and say “ Do you want to leave the pitch with the lift or with the Ambulance choose one" I said why are asking the question like this Sergi " He said “ Because Pepe said I should ask you " I was scared and I went to the coach and ask him to sub me off and the coach said “ we're out of substitute " then I went to Sergio Ramos and I said“ I want to leave the pitch with the lift ” Sergio Ramos smile at me and ran to Pepe to tell him what I said , few minutes later My teammates passed the ball to me and I saw Pepe and Sergio Ramos came to me " I only remember when I fall and when I wake up I was at hospital” That was my last game as Football player "
N’Golo Kanté in Euro 🏆 ▫️ matches ▫️ Man of the Match awards It's what he does 🌟
CAF has announced that the Africa Cup of Nations will be staged between December , and January , . #JoySports
Thierry Henry on Jonathan David: "When you have a player like Jonathan David, who runs the way he does, in behind. His directness. Don't ask him to come to play or assist because he has none this season. If he sees the centre-back dropping, then he will go in behind. But as soon as he sees there is a gap, he will run and he is also pretty strong too and he loves contact."
🚨 BREAKING: Everton have reached an agreement wlth Marseille to sign Iliman Ndiaye. The Senegalese striker has already agreed a move to join the Toffees.🔵🇸🇳 #EFC (via 🌕)
It's crazy how Gareth Southgate has the Bundesliga top scorer, La Liga player of the season and the EPL player of the season, and pick a system that makes all three completely ineffective.
*CELEBRATING CHIVIDO ❤️ * _*DAVIDO GB FREE DATA AND ₦, AIRTIME VOUCHER WEDDING CEREMONY OFFER*_ *Davido is giving out GB free data and ₦, Airtime Voucher in celebration of his Traditional Wedding with Chioma* Choose your network below *For MTN*👇 *For Airtel*👇 *For Glo*👇 *For -Mobile*👇
🚨 BREAKING: Phil Foden has temporarily left the England camp & returned to the UK for a pressing family matter.✈️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Jude Bellingham for England vs. Slovenia: ▫️ shots ▫️ successful tackles ▫️ passes completed into attacking third ▫️ % of his passes went forward ▫️ % duels won (worst on team) ▫️ times possession lost (most on team) ESPN
🚩 PRE-SEASON MATCH FIXTURES: • ARSENAL: Jul - Arsenal 🆚 Man United Aug - Arsenal 🆚 Liverpool Aug - Arsenal 🆚 Bayer Leverkusen • MANCHESTER UNITED: Jul - Rosenborg 🆚 Man United Jul - Rangers 🆚 Man United Aug - Arsenal 🆚 Man United Aug - Man United 🆚 Real Betis Aug - Liverpool 🆚 Man United • CHELSEA FC: Jul - Chelsea 🆚 Wrexham Jul - Chelsea 🆚 Celtic Jul - Chelsea 🆚 America Aug - Chelsea 🆚 Man City Aug - Real Madrid 🆚 Chelsea • MANCHESTER CITY: Jul - Man City 🆚 Celtic Jul - Man City 🆚 AC Milan Jul - Man City 🆚 FC Barcelona Aug - Chelsea 🆚 Man City • LIVERPOOL: Jul - Liverpool 🆚 Real Betis Aug - Liverpool 🆚 Arsenal Aug - Liverpool 🆚 Man United • REAL MADRID: Jul - Real Madrid 🆚 AC Milan Aug - Real Madrid 🆚 FC Barcelona Aug - Real Madrid 🆚 Chelsea • BARCELONA: Jul - Man City 🆚 Barcelona Aug - Real Madrid 🆚 Barcelona Aug - Barcelona 🆚 AC Milan #FootballBuzz #preseason
Pundit Akeem
Drake is stake ambassador so not real😏
Brazilian footballer and former Liverpool player, Roberto Firmino is now an ordained pastor of an evangelical church he reportedly founded in Maceio in Brazil.
Manchester United have discussed Ivan Toney and Dominic Calvert-Lewin as they look at striking options.
🚨⚒️ West Ham have already submitted more than one bid for Jhon Durán to Aston Villa. Understand last proposal currently worth around £m plus % sell-on clause. Negotiations underway, personal terms already agreed with Durán. 🇨🇴
year-old Lamine Yamal gave the coldest reply to Adrien Rabiot’s words!🥶🌟🇪🇸
Ollie Watkins: "I swear on my life, I swear on my kid's life, I said to Cole Palmer, "we're going to come on, you're going to set me up and I'll score. And it happened." Wow. Unbelievable.
🚨🟡⚫️ Borussia Dortmund official statement on Serhou Guirassy. “During a medical examination of Serhou Guirassy, an injury was discovered that requires further clarification”. More to follow.
🚨 Chelsea signing Marc Guiu is set to immediately leave on loan to Sevilla, (Source: )
🚨 The signing of Álvaro Morata at AC Milan could create a domino effect in the transfer market around Europe: 🇪🇸 Alvaro Morata ➡️ AC Milan 🇫🇷 Randal Kolo Muani ➡️ Atlético Madrid 🇳🇬 Victor Osimhen ➡️ PSG 🇧🇪 Romelu Lukaku ➡️ Napoli (Source: Di Marzio)
🚨⚪️⚫️ Newcastle co-owners Amanda Staveley and Mehrdad Ghodoussi are to leave the club, confirmed. Their share will be sold after three years at the club, as part of the plan
Haaland FPL price revealed
Den mad
Na him go be d highest b dat
Yes o Even them Sallah and co no fit reach sef
Salah will be upward
To see who go enter self go teyyyy
Salah .
Patrice Evra: "If I could turn back time, I would have chosen to represent my home country, Senegal, instead of France." I was born in Dakar but raised in France. "When you play well and win, you are French, when the team loses, you become Senegalese" 🇸🇳
🚨🔴 EXCLUSIVE: Joshua Zirkzee to Manchester United, here we go! Man United will NOT trigger the clause but pay slightly above €m with better payment terms, in three years. Zirkzee signs until June with option for further season. First signing of INEOS new era. 🇳🇱
_Today's FPL price reveals_ Haaland - £m Salah - £.m Havertz - £m Bruno Fernandes - £.m Nkunku - £.m Watkins - £m Richarlison - £m Gordon - £.m Bowen - £.m Mateta - £.m Toney - £.m March - £.m Pedro Neto - £.m Leno - £m Pickford - £m Semenyo - £.m Hudson Odoi - £.m Pereira - £.m Leif Davis - £.m Harwood Bellis - £m
Joleon Lescott: "He [Pep Guardiola] said he knew Palmer had something special with personality when he doesn't pass to Kevin [De Bruyne] when he asks for it. A lot of youngsters will come up and when Kevin shouts for the ball, they will try and pass to him, he said Cole [Palmer] doesn't do that."
Who's online
//, : - Brother Abd Afeez: Okay
Saka will be or . Odegard Havertz Martinelli,trossard . I guess ni ooo
Ivan Toney (Brentford) £.m Kai Havertz (Arsenal) £.m Bruno Fernandes (Man Utd) £.m Ollie Watkins (Aston Villa) £.m
CAF has released the names of approved stadiums. ✅ Kenya 🇰🇪 have no approved stadiums, while Tanzania 🇹🇿 and Uganda 🇺🇬 each have two. Nigeria 🇳🇬 & Ghana 🇬🇭 have one each, while South Africa 🇿🇦 lead with approved stadiums.🏟️
🇪🇸 Spain XI: Unai Simon, Carvajal, Laporte, Le Normand, Cucurella, Rodri, F. Ruiz, Dani Olmo, Nico Williams, Lamine Yamal, Morata 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 England XI: Pickford, Walker, Stones, Guehi, Luke Shaw, D. Rice, Mainoo, Saka, Foden, Bellingham, Kane
#EURO AWARDS ✅ BEST PLAYER OF THE TOURNAMENT- RODRI ✅ YOUNG PLAYER OF THE TOURNAMENT- LAMINE YAMAL
Lautaro Martinez this season: • goals + assists in appearances. •Serie A winner/Top Scorer •Copa America winner/Top Scorer •Winning goal in the Copa America final. There’s no reason this man shouldn’t be a legitimate Ballon d’Or contender.
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Gareth Southgate has 𝐋𝐄𝐅𝐓 his role as manager of the England national team 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Na Spain real football dey 🤪🤪
They play
If England 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 collect it it’s only yamal or Rodri will be der
England Wey no play anythinh
Na so everything they be
We teach them real football
U think laliga sabi ball
Laliga no sabi ball William and yamal don kill England Where dem dey play no be laliga 🤪🤪🤪
Them Foden,Harry Kane were very poor throughout the tournament, even Saka performance sef poor
Spain ni ball wa no be gba gba gba 🤪🤪🤪
Chelsea next season don dey shamble when e never start sef
Na why most of laliga players wan play EPL… U see the wey den Dey dream EPL lasan
Translation : "Football in : uninhibited racism🤦🏽🤦🏽🤦🏽"
🚨 Official Chelsea statement: “Chelsea Football Club finds all forms of discriminatory behaviour completely unacceptable. We are proud to be a diverse, inclusive club where people from all cultures, communities and identities feel welcome. We acknowledge and appreciate our player’s public apology and will use this as an opportunity to educate. The Club has instigated an internal disciplinary procedure.”
Kylian Mbappe's comments a few months ago about the level of South American football did not sit well with Argentina's players, who are willing to settle accounts with the Frenchman on Sunday. France will face the Albiceleste in the World Cup final after knocking Morocco out from the tournament with a - victory on Wednesday. Controversial statements Discussing about the recent World Cup winning teams, Mbappe claimed that European sides are superior to their South American counterparts. The last South American team to win the trophy was Brazil back in . "In South America, football is not as advanced as in Europe, that's why when you look at the last World Cups it's always Europeans who win," Mbappe said. "The advantage we have here in Europe is that we always play matches at a high level. We arrive ready and Brazil and Argentina don't have that." Meanwhile, Argentina have reached the final in Qatar after eliminating European sides Croatia and the Netherland in the semi-finals and quarter-finals, respectively.
‼️Paris Saint-Germain are advancing in talks with Victor Osimhen's camp as their interest is now getting concrete. Osimhen is keen on joining PSG. ~
🚨 EXCLUSIVE: Leny Yoro flying to UK to take medical + finalise personal terms as Man Utd push to complete signing from Lille. yo defender initially favoured #RMFC but #LOSC accepted initial €m #MUFC bid - still work to do but now close
Argentina players singing a _racist_ song about Mbappé and France.(Ety racist nkt) Part of the lyrics: “They play for France but they are from Angola His mother is Nigerian, His father Cameroonian, But on the passport: French.” (🎥 SelecaoTalk)
🗣️ Javier Mascherano on press conference about Enzo Fernández' case: “If there’s one thing we Argentines are not, it’s racist or anything of the sort. I believe everything has been taken out of context. If there’s one thing we are as a country, it’s totally inclusive. In Argentina, people from all over the world live here, and we treat them as they should be treated.” “I know Enzo, he’s a great guy and has no issues with this. What happens is that often during a celebration, a part of a video can be taken and used out of context.” "We need to understand the culture of each country and know that sometimes what we perceive as a joke can be misinterpreted elsewhere. Enzo also made it known on social media that he apologized. Sometimes people try to make things much bigger than they are.”
🔵🔴↪️ More on Nico Williams and Barça. The agent has met with Barcelona director Deco today. Face to face meeting took place in Zaragoza, as called by . Barcelona have made their proposal to Nico, trying to agree on personal terms before English clubs.
Jordi Alba 🗣️: "There are few who know the story of Messi, why he lifted the shirt after he scored the goal. We were playing against Real Madrid. During the match, there were chants and insults against Messi. They even described him as disabled and dwarf. Messi did not like it.” 😤 “Even in the dressing room, he became angry and said to Suarez - “These people They not belonged to football, and they continued to do so in the second half. When Messi scored the winning goal, he went towards them and lifted the shirt. He silenced everyone and saying - Remember the Name" 🔥🐐👑
🚨🚨| The players who were dribbled past the 𝗠𝗢𝗦𝗧 times in the Premier League last season: 🇦🇷 Alexis Mac Allister - 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Trent Alexander-Arnold -
FPL is finally back again You can start creating your squad now
Casemiro nko?
I think he dey number
Na him suppose Dey number
He was dribbled past the most in a single match last season I think that was against crystal palace
🎙️Matt Law on Argentina's racist chant: "What interest me about this is, it only seems to touch Chelsea so far, I find that a little bit surprising, because I completely accept that Enzo Fernandez was the guy who filmed it and he's the guy who can't argue is on film singing it. But are we naive to think that there are no other English based players on the bus singing? You can clearly hear that there are lots of people singing. I can't name names. But I'm surprised this has only touched Chelsea and Enzo Fernandez so far."
🚨| BREAKING: FC Barcelona have already submitted an offer to Dani Olmo’s agents for a SIX-YEAR contract. ‼️ RB Leipzig would receive around €M between fixed + variables. — Martinez Ferran | MD🥇
I saw this on Facebook, I can’t help it than to share it
🚨 BREAKING NEWS: On this day, exactly two years ago, Chelsea confirmed the sale of the club to Todd Boehly: Achievements so far: 🧠 Managers: ✍️ Players Signed: 💰 Money Spent: £. billion 📊 League position: th & th
🚨 Barcelona's offer for Dani Olmo: • €M paid in €M instalments every year from onwards • €M for winning La Liga twice by • €M for winning the Champions League twice by RB Leipzig considered the proposal ridiculous. ❌ (Source: )
🚨 Real Madrid are ready to let Andriy Lunin move to Chelsea in exchange for Kepa and a sum of money. 🇺🇦🧤🇪🇸 The two clubs are negotiating the deal. (Source: )
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: BORDEAUX WILL GIVE UP THEIR PROFESSIONAL STATUS AS A CLUB! 🤯🤯 Players' contracts will be terminated, the training centre will close. 😱❌ (Source: )
What happen
Don’t know what happened exactly
Okay
Los Angeles FC want to sign Antoine Griezmann. 🇺🇸 The MLS franchise have made a proposal to the Frenchman that would make him the second highest paid player in the league behind Messi! 🤑 (Source: )
All Lamine Yamal’s properties are registered under his mum’s name and Salary paid to his mum’s account. The young man is making crazy money. He has a girlfriend of years despite being .
Carlo Ancelotti: “I think players have to wear helmets when training moving forward. Fede's shots are of serious concern. Mariano is hospitalized with a concussion after trying to block one. This Fede guy is a threat.”
🚨 🔵 Chelsea are finalising Jorgensen deal tonight, total package of £m. Petrovic, expected to leave. Jorgensen vs Sanchez fight for number one spot. ()
🔴🇺🇦 AS Roma and Artem Dovbyk’s agents have already discussed contract terms, as Ukrainian striker said yes to the move yesterday night. He’s keen on joining AS Roma after talks with club’s board and manager de Rossi. AS Roma and Girona, in contact to discuss fee package.
Pep Guardiola: “I have been at Man City for eight years. So I'm not staying here for eight more years, that's why I'm more closer to leaving than staying!”. “But I didn't say I'm leaving…”, says via .
Wahala lol
🚨 Manchester United are set to compete with Fulham and Crystal Palace to sign Chelsea outcast Trevoh Chalobah. (Source: Football Insider)
Click on the link to join the group fpl 👇👇👇
You no dey even calm down
E no easy make person win league
Calm down no Dey my dictionary
All African footballers who have won the UEFA Champions League 🏆🌍 . Bruce Grobbelaar 🇿🇼 (Liverpool - ) . Rabah Madjer🇩🇿 (Porto - ) . Abedi Pelé 🇬🇭 (Marseille - ) . Finidi George🇳🇬 (Ajax - ) . Nwankwo Kanu🇳🇬 (Ajax - ) . Ibrahim Tanko🇬🇭 (Borussia Dortmund - ) . Samuel Kuffour 🇬🇭 (Bayern Munich - ) . Geremi🇨🇲 (Real Madrid - & ) . Benni McCarthy 🇿🇦 (Porto - ) . Djimi Traoré🇲🇱 (Liverpool - ) . Samuel Eto’o🇨🇲 (Barcelona and Inter - , , & ) . Yaya Touré 🇨🇮 (Barcelona - ) . Seydou Keita🇲🇱 (Barcelona - & ) . Sulley Muntari 🇬🇭 (Inter - ) . McDonald Mariga🇰🇪 (Inter - ) . John Obi Mikel🇳🇬 (Chelsea - ) . Michael Essien🇬🇭 (Chelsea - ) . Salomon Kalou🇨🇮 (Chelsea - ) . Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 (Chelsea - ) Achraf Hakimi 🇲🇦 (Real Madrid - ) . Mohamed Salah🇪🇬 (Liverpool - ) . Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 (Liverpool - ) . Joel Matip🇨🇲 (Liverpool - ) . Naby Keita🇬🇳 (Liverpool - ) . Édouard Mendy🇸🇳 (Chelsea - ) . Hakim Ziyech🇲🇦 (Chelsea - ) . Riyad Mahrez 🇩🇿(Manchester City - ) . Brahim Diaz (Real Madrid - )
Eto'o remains the only African to have champions league and the only who won it with two different clubs. Legend.
Only Ghana has Ucl winners 🇬🇭🇬🇭 Abedi Pele Ibrahim Tanko Sammy Kuffuor Sulley Muntari Michael Essien
🚨🎙️Reporter: the race for the Ballon d'Or is played between Vinicius Jr 🇧🇷, Belligham 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 and Rodri🇪🇸. What do you think about this race? Who deserves it? 🗣️🎙️Zidane: First you add Rodri because he's won trophies with Manchester City and Spain. I don't think deserving a Ballon d'Or is limited to just trophies. If that was the case Dani Carvajal should be at the top of the table 🎙️Journalist: but Rodri has shined both at the club and in the selection this season. 🗣️🎙️Zidane: so Carvajal was on the bench? Look closely at his performances and trophies. In my opinion, the BO of this season must be played between the three Madridistas (Vini jr 🇧🇷, Belligham 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 and Carvajal 🇪🇸) if it's in terms of trophies Carvajal deserves it, and if it's about performance Vini or Belligham deserves it
🚨 Real Madrid are working on signing Trent Alexander-Arnold and Alphonso Davies as free agents in .
LAMINE YAMAL has reportedly unfollowed his girlfriend Alex Padilla on social media after she appeared in a viral video. Alex is believed to have been spotted in an Instagram live video sitting on another boy's lap. (The Sun)
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Napoli could be open to discussing Victor Osimhen as part of Lukaku talks with Chelsea as PSG deal is in stand by 🔵🇳🇬 Napoli keep looking for solutions for Victor Osimhen as they want to sign Romelu Lukaku as soon as possible. The issue between Chelsea & Napoli has always been price too high, no intention to pay release clause and salary considered out of new Chelsea policy/budget. Osimhen said yes to PSG almost two weeks ago… but deal still in stand-by between clubs — not advancing. Which club should go and sign Victor? ⚡️
Pep Guardiola: "We will arrive late but not (just) against Manchester United, against Chelsea and Ipswich too. We will be late. It’s about trying not to drop many points, try to compete well. We don’t have players because they have to rest. If the big bosses and all the institutions like FIFA, UEFA and the Premier League don’t think about the players then the managers have to think about them, otherwise they will die."
Na me go win this season
Bet🌚
Na every time you Dey always say this And this is the this coming season will be th time we’ll be playing FPL here and you never for once Dey top
Trust the process😂
Ahh Process nla niyen
Eggsactly!😂
You see say your paddy no follow you brag sef @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩
Arteta 😂😂
Abi
Werey
O jina si Arteta o sunmo Ten Hang
Make we see your squad nah abi you never create the upcoming league winner😂
Senior man squad coming soon
I dey wait make we sign Ugarte😒
No panic
O sunmo Pep
Man united team wey no sabiii anything
Iya maje team elomi
Sha dey mention your club before you condemn another club
Arsenal ni oooo
Lmao
//, : - Brother Abd Afeez: Nice upgrade First timer in Premier league .
France will play against Argentina in the quarterfinals of the Olympic Games men’s football tournament on Friday. 🇫🇷⚔️🇦🇷 #Paris  #OlympicGames
Manchester City have been fined £.M by the Premier League for breaches over kick-off delays in the last two seasons. (Source: )
🚨 Liverpool had agreed a deal in principle with Newcastle to sign Anthony Gordon for £M and sell Joe Gomez for £M. Newcastle ditched the double deal as they found other avenues to meet PSR. (Source: )
Which kind fine b dis ….. Where Billions they Make den fine dem like billions
Chelsea have spent over £ million on goalkeepers last six years and we still don’t know who our number goalkeeper is. My club is confused😂💔
Still small nahhh Na person shaaa spend close to m on defenders
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Arsenal are closing in on Mikel Merino deal as player already accepted! 🔴⚪️ Spanish midfielder remains top priority for Arsenal and player agreed on personal terms to work with Arteta. Arsenal have started negotiations with Real Sociedad just on verbal basis for now, package around €m. Talks ongoing between clubs to get the deal done 🇪🇸 Real Sociedad want Carlos Soler from PSG in order to replace Merino in case deal with Arsenal gets sealed.
After him We go for striker The striker already on Radar
Victor Gyokeres I like that guy
Naso you like mudrick back then ooo😏
PSG didn’t match Manchester United’s €m bid for Leny Yoro () due to fitness concerns in the wake of the centre-back’s left foot fracture. (L'Eq)
Yes Why u cast him now
Man united lasan
That one is too eager to impress and he end up doing rubbish Make he try Dey do the basic first but no oo he go sha wan impress by force ni
Una con Dey do low key scouting and signing make Chelsea no hijack am
E shaaa don barb in hair In go do normal
Who wants to go chelsea ?
Naso Chelsea don worst reach 😂💔
A no talk am ooo
Who be big player u sign dis summer na small small pikin u Dey sign
Osimen Dey come
U say what
Na this new owners wan turn Chelsea to small team
Victor Osimen😂💔
Omoo I prefer Isaak ooo
No be that kind player will come chelsea and u na never start processing
If oshimen wan come I na suppose don start the processing tey tey Italy deal they long on top their TOP player
Isaac wey no fit stay fit
The guy dey complete oo e get dribbling & ball playing and Sabi score
We go see how everything go go
I know I dey always get am for my fpl, he just can’t stay fit ni
Yes oo
🙈🫣
Make u na dey predict game for us oo😂
Breaking: Newly promoted Premier League club Leicester City are reportedly keen on signing Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace. Ayew has spent the last six years with the Eagles and will be entering the final year of his contract next season after signing a one-year extension some months ago. However, the Ghana international found game time hard to come by towards the end of last season when manager Roy Hodgson was replaced by Oliver Glasner
See as he stylishly gave Chelsea their regard Everyone knows Barcelona at that time is something else but Chelsea is one hell of pain in their ass
So Algeria Dey support trans???
Adey com
We’re about to witness the best fpl team
🌚
Na after we sign ugarte I go select team
If u no con later sign am nko
Abi if u sign and he went on injury wetin u go do Biko
If e no get injury make you gv am
Dey play
Naw so ur yero abi yaro get injury for pre season
E need rest ni
Just came across this too
Ugarte m
Man utd are close to signing him.. he don agree personal terms. They wan collect and man utd offered them which they rejected already
After selling bissaka and Tominay we go fit sign am
🚨 West Ham have reached AGREEMENT with Dortmund for Niclas Füllkrug! ⚒️🤝 ▫️ Fee: €m + €m in add-ons ▫️ Contract until , with an option for another year ▫️ Salary: €m net per year
🚨⚒️ Niclas Füllkrug to West Ham, here we go! Deal in place for €m fee plus €m add-ons to Borussia Dortmund. Medical booked on Saturday. West Ham director Tim Steidten closed both Füllkrug and also Guido Rodríguez deals today on verbal agreement… …both set for medicals.
August - Community Shield August - UEFA Super Cup August - La Liga August - Start of Ligue August - Premier League August - Serie A August - Bundesliga August - Champions League Draw September - Champions League Ladies & Gentlemen, football is back!
🚨🚨| Squad sizes of the Premier League 'Big Six'... 📈 ▫️Chelsea - players ▫️Liverpool - players ▫️Tottenham - players ▫️Man City - players ▫️Man Utd - players ▫️Arsenal - players
No be by size oo naw by workings eyin omo Chelsea
No be by playing well alone oo na by winning trophies eyin omo Arsenal
Friendly reminder 😂
U shall all witness our trophy this season
Walai, if arsenal no lift at least trophy this season ehn...
You will beat em?
E no Dey tire you to Dey talk this ni This will be the rd season of you saying this same thing
E go too pain me, i don dey defend dem since last season
😂😂😂
Man been saying that for years😂
As clubs plenty reach na Arsenal you see support 🤦🏻‍♂️
Abi😂
Kai nau
Imagine 😂
I just like them ni. I be Barca fan
Them say Arsenal fans no fit do money ritual you no why?? 😂😂
We get patience abiii
Watin u go do ?
I sha win trophy last season
If na Yoruba man own am ni E for don change the name to *Suru fc*
This one Dey count community shield as trophy 😂💔 Well it’s a trophy to una sha
Just tell me say no be trophy
The different be say no be major trophy
Awn awn
Surulere fc 😂😂😂
🤦🏻‍♂️
Awon olomo wewe 😂😂😂
I understand you very well It’ll mean a lot to una since una no really Dey used to better trophy
For the past years now which trophy u don collect
As Chelsea don turn shit our chance of winning trophy is still higher than una
U ppl sha like pride and u no get shame
For that past years if no be pep werey I for don get pl like this
😂😂😂
As we don turn shit for that pass seasons if no be Kloop I for don get FA cup😂💔
If truly u ppl have higher chance of winning a trophy ahead of us where una dey u no even dey top contenders for league
Ahh see this one when u face kloop no be for finals
Fa winner typing
😂😂😂
Aladanwo something wey arsenal don win tire 😂
😁
Na we never win am before 😒
Who win am pass 😒
Let’s talk about champions league 🌚
Champions league winners should say Hi, I wan check something
Hi 👋
You still Dey type again 😂💔
E don send sticker .. we understand 😂
Even though I have not collect it for the past decades u wey don win am when last u don collect am last
Why I no go type 😂😂
You sef collect am
Arsenal are really trying tbh just that no evidence
Na why @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ just Dey explain explain
Chelsea fans zero in minutes
Abi nah
zero
goals in minutes
O jina si Champions league 😂
No mind him Something wey hin no witness sef😂💔
Person wey don use head hit floor 😂
He no know say na different feeling when you witness am
Werey wan dey oppress us with Wetin e no use hin korokoro eyes watch live😂
Wetin dey give you joy for that team?🤦🏻‍♂️
But the guy Dey try o E no easy to Dey support team like that oo
Hope 😂💔
Wetin dey give you joy for Man U
The Werey don dey get peace of find and Ano like am, make league quick start make e dey lament😂
That hope go show workings this season
Naw me talk am write am down
Best team in England
He worst pass naw nd I go carry commot naw the likes of your team and Chelsea fit no get peace of mind cause u no sabi where u go end this season again
Me sha don see my team wn all trophies.
You go carry second comot and win nothing Same old story
😂💔
Dem no fit c second dis season sef
No talk am o Second na their new throphy now o
Dey play
Naw me go carry league
Buh to be honest,can there london blue rival wey wan sign goalkeepers enter top ?😂
If man utd no carry am I’m done supporting em
Con carry treble if care is not taken self
Naw this season u go stop to dey support Man U
Dreamer😂
Madrid don dey my mind😂
Wey go write fifa make them allow us Dey use goal keepers at once😂💔
But all this small small pikin GK wey una dey buy naw loan all of them dey go oo
Weyre fe japaa You no Dey anywhere, una don enjoy for past na time to suffer remain
Funny enough when season end them go still sell few of them then what now the essence of buying them in the first place
Chelsea don enter one chance since those Americans don buy am
Even if you use you go chop am😂
Most of em go follow loan enter retirement 😂
Abi me wey be arsenal fan don suffer for past naw the future is brighter with arteta 😁
Oti kami non niyen😂
Awon oloribu
Ajee 😂😂
They con dey use Chelsea do business
That man sabi business die
You wey don get invincible record😂
😂😂
Yasin😂
Kai nau😂💔
Since when be that oti pe gan I never start to dey watch ball that time naw record we meet for ground 😂
😂😂
Na that record them use whine you 😂💔
Make I ask you sef. Which day Arsenal giv you joy pass?😂
O ti ye e😂
Joy is coming no phor 😂
When they won community shield 😂💔
No forget FA too naw the two we won back then when arteta just join
I sha know say you no fit collect champions league before Coventry😂
Stopeet😂
Common shut up. Werey still dey talk😂
Make I con dey cry werey
No blame him Na wetin he get he go show abi una wan borrow am one champions league
😂😂
Na champions league winners dey talk
🚨🔴 Manchester United are prepared to return in talks with Bayern for Matthijs de Ligt and Noussair Mazraoui! Agreement until June plus option already done with both players days ago, now working on club side. Players’ camp, confident as they are only waiting for United.
🔴🔵🇵🇹 Official, confirmed. João Neves signs in as new Paris Saint-Germain player from Benfica! €m fixed fee, €m add-ons and Renato Sanches to Benfica on loan with buy option. Number ️⃣️⃣ for João at PSG.
Hansi Flick has warned the entire Barça squad: Arriving late to training is completely unacceptable, even by only a minute.
🚨🚨| Michael Olise () for France at the Olympics: 👕 games ⚽ goals 🅰️ assists INCREDIBLE FORM! 👏🇫🇷
🚨 Manchester United defender Leny Yoro has today had a successful surgery on his foot injury. “Yoro’s rehabilitation starts now and we look forward to the -year-old returning to fitness in around three months”, Man United statement confirms.
🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🔵 YEARS AGO TODAY: Man City signed Jack Grealish from Aston Villa for around £m. 💰 He's won trophies under Guardiola in that period: making appearances and registering goal contributions.
Joshua Zirkzee on his playing style: "I am what I call a false striker. Not a number , not a number . I am a .! That's my game. Maybe I'm a little different than others. But being different is good, right?" [via ] #mufc
BREAKING: Viní Jr. will be the main penalty taker for Real Madrid this season.
🚨 NEW: Kylian Mbappé is set to be Real Madrid's main FREE-KICK taker this season.
🚨🚨| BREAKING: PSG have held initial talks with Man Utd regarding the SIGNING of Jadon Sancho! 🔴🔵 Sancho could be OPEN to the move, and personal terms are not expected to be a problem.
Wahala
At least of these players will be sold or loan out
small self
That’s the least but me I Dey see like to players there getting sold or loaned out
Ever since the new owner took charge, Chelsea as turned to player exchange market
They are good in market rate 🙈😂
The signings they making sef na total rubbish
If den go for Alvarez self e better than all dis shakushaku signing
🗣 Marcin Bulka: "Di María hates Manchester United so much. He doesn’t have one good memory from the club. Whenever we watched their games on TV, he told us to change the channel. He can't stand them.”
🚨🇧🇷| Neymar will take a DNA test to find out if he has another child. A -year-old Hungarian girl. Model Gabriella Gáspár claims that her daughter, Jazmin Zoé, is the result of a brief encounter with the player. It would have happened in , in Bolivia, after a Brazil game.
Wahala
🚨🧾 Duration of last season and this season have signed up to players. are yet to be made official. This season signings Estêvão Willian - £M Samu Omorodion Aghehowa- £M Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall- £M Filip Jorgensen - £.M Omari Kellyman - £M Mike Penders . £.M Aarón Anselmino - £.M Renato Veiga - £.M Caleb Wiley - £.M Marc Guiu - £.M Tosin Adarabioyo - Free Last season signings. Moisés Caicedo - £M Roméo Lavia - £M Christopher Nkunku - £M Cole Palmer - £M Axel Disasi - £.M Nicolas Jackson- £M Robert Sánchez - £M Lesley Ugochukwu - £.M Deivid Washington - £.M Ângelo Gabriel - £.M Djordje Petrovic - £.M
🚨🔵 Chelsea have already reached an agreement with Pedro Neto’s agent Jorge Mendes. No issues on salary, club to club talks ongoing to get the deal done as initial request is around £m. He’s top of the list for new winger. 🇵🇹
🚨🔵 Chelsea could be still active on offensive players market even after Neto and Omorodion. Osimhen plans to leave but NO intention to reduce salary/accept straight loan. Chelsea still keen ONLY in case deal conditions/Osimhen’s stance change… as Napoli insist for Lukaku.
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Pep Guardiola on England job: “I have to decide what I want to do with my life”. “I could stay here, take a break, national team… but right now I am here and fully excited for the season!”.
Chelsea goalkeepers; Robert Sanchez Filip Jorgensen Marcus Bettinelli, Djordje Petrovic, Lucas Bergstrom, Eddie Beach, Kepa Arrizabalaga Gabriel Slomina Mike Penders 😂💔
Fantasy link
Those that are yet to join the fantasy, the league is starting on Friday o
We never sign Ugarte🦦
Ugarte deal is off since
Na berge u na wan sign now
E never off
Man utd dey wait whether PSG fi decrease the money ni we go still sign an
U sure
🚨 Manchester United are still working on possible arrivals in midfield. Talks are continuing with Burnley over the signing of Sander Berge and dialogue also remains open with Monaco over Youssouf Fofana. #MUFC []
💯
He Dey fear to join 😂💔 E no easy make person dey carry that kind position he dey always get every time
Na st I wan carry dis time around
Na why you Dey wait for Ugarte Na the missing piece for your ultimate squad
You garrit Brr
Person go don know like that say you be better manager, you know what you want
Pep junior😂
Ugarte be the missing piece for your squad for fantasy Na why you Dey carry big numbers at the end of the season😂💔
Stopeet😭
Them dey fear my return naw why 😂
E reach make them fear am Maybe na why @⁨+ ⁩ Dey use Ugarte as excu😂💔
😂
Dis burnley not Bayern
I know Just the way he’s throwing F word
Okay
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ Affa I don create my team Ano c league join
Go renew from the app If u are already before , u will just renew nii
Me no use app o
Na safari i dey use
U will see for safari too
E will show new one or renew U will just click the renew
Where bro?
I don already pin the link for the group nah just click on it and you’ll join automatically
Moti gbori wole
Number th position naniiii
Emi?
Yes
Till then🤝
Okay nahh
👻💀
Ugarte man don join ?
🌚
Ohhh
Naw so as I win this league this season naw so arsenal self go win am join 🙏😂
Where ur ugarte wey u dey wait for
Still waiting Ago do transfer
Wawu
Yeah
Link to join the group fpl The league is starting tomorrow 👇👇👇
This team is 🔥🔥🔥
I choose five penalty takers
Wait until the end of GW before we know
🚨🔴 “Maguire, de Ligt and Mazraoui are all available for Fulham game”, Erik ten Hag has just confirmed.
Should William Saliba feature in a win against Wolves on Saturday, he will become the fastest Arsenal player in the club’s history to reach Premier League wins ( matches). 🤯🇫🇷 matches wins draws losses .% win percentage 𝐑𝐎𝐋𝐋𝐒-𝐑𝐎𝐘𝐂𝐄. ❄️
🚨🚨| Arsenal are working towards merino not being called up for the Real sociedad game vs Rayo on sunday. Arsenal still m euros short of valuation but talks continue and if all goes smooth, a deal will be done before Sociedad face Rayo.
🚨🔵🎙Christopher Nkunku: "For me, this is my first season in Chelsea FC, for sure." "It [injury struggles last season] was very difficult. I played just a little bit. Some minutes here, some minutes there. I was very frustrated all the season. Last year I didn’t have one moment in the season where I can say I felt good. After my knee injury, I didn’t feel like I now do. I had my knee, then my hip, then a muscle injury in a row. It never stopped. That’s why I was very frustrated." "I saw a lot of fans wanted me to do this celebration, but I didn’t feel happy because of how bad my season had been." "In my position, you need to have good timing. Where I need to touch the ball is where I like to touch the ball, it’s why I’m enjoying this system. It’s to be with the team, to participate in the game, and in the build-up. This is what the coach wants. I lost this feeling, and I wasn’t happy with that. Now I feel better. I need to be happy, to be confident in my body, and to play some games." "My goal this season
Jorge Mendes is putting all his efforts into making this Joao Felix deal happen. As of Thursday night, still negotiating. 🔗 Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia #CFC | #Chelsea 📲
🚨 Chelsea and Napoli are discussing the fee for Lukaku, advanced stages. 🔗 Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia #CFC | #Chelsea 📲
OFFICIAL: Chelsea will face Servette in the UEFA Conference League playoff round. st Leg - Aug nd (H) nd Leg - Aug th (A) It will be Chelsea's first competitive fixture in Switzerland since , when they faced Basel in the Champions League.
🔴⚪️ After penalties (!), Ajax advance to next stage of Europa League qualifying round beating Panathinaikos. Remko Pasveer, year old, saved penalties and scored (!) one. Hero. 🇳🇱
Click on the link to join the group fpl If this is your first time, click on the link and register then select your squad 👇👇👇
Premier League match officials will publicly disclose their club allegiances this season and will be excluded from officiating any games involving those clubs. After #PL
The declared allegiances of all Premier League are to be made public after Nottingham Forest complained about the appointment of a VAR last season, Howard Webb has confirmed. Forest had criticised PGMOL for ignoring their concerns that Stuart Attwell, a Luton Town supporter, was named as the video referee for their controversial - loss at Everton in April.
Alan Shearer's prediction for this season's standings: ️⃣ Arsenal ️⃣ Manchester City ️⃣ Liverpool ️⃣ Newcastle
Rio Ferdinand's predictions for the top next season: ️⃣ Arsenal. ️⃣ Manchester City. ️⃣ Liverpool. ️⃣ Manchester United.
Pep Guardiola: "My influence is zero [on Enzo Maresca's title-winning season with Leicester City]. I didn't score one goal. I didn't save anything. The success for people who were together [with me previously, like Maresca] belongs to them." On Enzo Maresca: "Happy to see him again. Looking forward to seeing him again." "A few players were here. Enzo [Maresca] was here. This Chelsea team is not Man City. It's [Enzo's] ideas." "My advice? Give him time. It will work. All managers need time." On surprise at Chelsea signing more players this summer: "You see the squad, yeah! It's a lot. The reason why they do it is not my business. They can do what they believe is the best for the team." 🚨 Rodri will miss Chelsea vs Man City game, Pep Guardiola has confirmed.
Lori Ugarte abiiii They play let see matches shaa
😂
I kuku know say no be you go Dey number one when this game week ends
Abi ooo
🚨📊Mohamed Salah with Liverpool FC🔴: • matches played • goal contributions
William Saliba is the fastest player to reach Premier League wins in Arsenal’s history, breaking Nacho Monreal’s record. ◉ games ◉ wins ◉ clean sheets ◉ goals An incredible .% win ratio with the Gunners. 📈
Newcastle have won their opening league game in three consecutive seasons for the first time ever in the Premier League. ◉ - vs. Nottingham Forest (/) ◉ - vs. Aston Villa (/) ◉ - vs. Southampton (/) Eddie Howe makes it a hat-trick. 🎩
Bukayo Saka has now registered assists in the Premier League, one more than Santi Cazorla managed () for Arsenal.
James Milner has now appeared in different Premier League seasons, breaking Ryan Giggs’ record and becoming Brighton’s oldest ever Premier League player (Y, D). Incredible longevity. 👏
Walai
LINE-UPS | #CHEMCI 🧿 CHE: Sanchez, Gusto, Fofana, Colwill, Cucurella, Lavia, Enzo, Caicedo, Palmer, Nkunku, Jackson 🔵 MCI: Ederson, Lewis, Akanji, Dias, Gvardiol, Kovacic, De Bruyne, Bernardo, Doku, Savio, Haaland 💺 Foden on the bench
Oya Opor me self no play seh @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩
😌
Kosi wahala
🗣️ Kevin De Bruyne: "I think 'passes completed' is the most useless statistic there is. I can have % pass completion playing sideways or backwards without being dangerous for the whole game. That means I haven't done anything. What's the point?"
Omo🙌🏽
No play
Continue they play
Haters wee hate😂
Na where man united go finish na der u go finished
Na man utd get this year league and na first I wan carry too
That’s Good
Is Good to be dream sometimes
😒
Abeg how your Halland take earn points?
He don use triple cap at very first game of the season You’re too eager to impress @⁨+ ⁩😂
I sha dey wonder, lol
Naw so
Abeg how you na dey change formation
Thanks God Chelsea fan see something post
Formation
Or sub?
Which formation u wan use ?
-
Okay
You go just sub defender for attacker base on the formation you want
Do you get it?
I don get am
Let ur midfielders much on the line pass defender
🚨🔴⚪️ Mikel Merino, on the verge of joining Arsenal as expected. Direct club-to-club talks in London are proceeding very well and Merino has clearly asked Real Sociedad to go. Matter of details and then Merino will become new #AFC player. ⏳🇪🇸
🚨🔴🟡🇦🇷 #SPL | 🔐 Al-Qadsiah, AS Roma and Paulo Dybala are close to reach a FULL AGREEMENT ❗️Al-Qadsiah want to seal the deal in the next hours 💰 Around €-m for the transfer fee
🚨🌳 Eddie Nketiah has just agreed on personal terms with Nottingham Forest as talks are advancing to final stages with Arsenal. #NFFC confident to get it done soon. Feyenoord rejected €m plus add-ons for Santiago Giménez also offered today.
🚨🇫🇷 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 | Lyon ACCEPT Fulham's offer for Rayan Cherki! €m fee + €m bonuses! Now the player must decide if he wants to move to the Premier League side or not, reports .
Blue for don buy this werey before oo
Na Real Madrid werey won go
The guy good in fact I like him
Me also like him but he don't like Chelsea
Na before we buy madueke
Yeah
Make Chelsea just buy Osimen Abi Gyokeres and one better defender We’re good to go like that
Na Gyokeres me like pas osimen
Because of injury
Make them get anyone of them That Jackson no fit change
Na Jackson for life
Jackson will sign new contract
☹️
He go do everything right but flop the finish
Make he sign new contract He’ll be a good squad player
🚨 | Lyon attacking midfielder Rayan Cherki () has rejected the opportunity to join Fulham, according to .
🚨It took days to reach 𝟏𝟎 𝐌𝐈𝐋𝐋𝐈𝐎𝐍 subscribers on YouTube and become the fastest to reach this milestone. Cristiano Ronaldo just broke the record by reaching 𝟏𝟎 𝐌𝐈𝐋𝐋𝐈𝐎𝐍 subscribers in less than hours. 🤯🤯🤯
BREAKING [🎖️]: Al Hilal and Manchester City have reached an agreement for the sale of Joao Cancelo. Joao Cancelo, will undergo his medical as an Al Hilal player on Friday. Manchester City will receive €m.
Joan Laporta: 'No matter how many titles Real Madrid wins, they will never reach Barcelona's history.' 🗣️
This man na mumu which history
Which history bigger than titles and ballon d'Or
Na Barcelona man e be He go Dey talk in favor of them ni
🚨BREAKING: 🇨🇴 James Rodríguez is close to making a return to La Liga with Rayo Vallecano.
🚨🔴 Manchester United are now close to getting Manu Ugarte deal done! As revealed last week, #MUFC want to proceed with loan + obligation to buy and meeting with PSG was positive. No bids for Ederson — Man Utd want Ugarte, details being discussed. Deal at final stages. ⏳🇺🇾
Where is Baba Ugarte
🔵🦊 Leicester City have agreed deal to sign Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace, all done. Ayew joins #LCFC on £m fee add-ons included, as has reported.
Since
Naw now I dey see am
🚨🌕| Deco proposed a swap deal between Gundogan and Rodri to Man City which was immediately rejected and now City are asking for the remaining of Ferran’s fee to be paid before August st otherwise they will take a legal action. Bad news for Barca.
🚨 Erik ten Hag on Jadon Sancho back available: “You can’t select all the players but you need them all throughout the season”. “The attitude of the players is very important. Sometimes they'll be disappointed, they have to deal with it”.
⛔️🇸🇦 Paulo Dybala has rejected €m package as salary spread over three years from Al Qadsiah… …he wanted to stay at AS Roma. 🟡🔴
🚨⚪️ Jude Bellingham suffers plantar fasciitis injury in his right leg. Real Madrid expect Bellingham to be back after the international break in late September.
🗣️Enzo Maresca sends a warning to his Chelsea players: “If you think I’m going to give you a chance without working hard, forget about it.”😳
🚨🔵⚪️ Ferdi Kadioglu to Brighton, here we go! Deal in place for €m package for Fenerbahçe. Kadioglu wanted #BHAFC project and personal terms were agreed already two weeks ago on five year deal. Medical/travel to be planned for Turkish LB with Colo Barco on loan to Sevilla.
Chelsea are likely going to say YES to £m+ percentage of future re sale of Romelu Lukaku. He’s now very close to Napoli. ()
Man yooo 😂😂
@⁨+ ⁩
Manchester United have lost a higher percentage of their Premier League games against Brighton than any other side they have faced in the competition's history (%). games, defeats. 👀
FT: Brighton - Man Utd The Seagulls have now won five of their last six Premier League games against Manchester United. 😲 #BHAMUN
Players that have been on the winning side against Manchester United the most times in Premier League history: ◎ Kyle Walker () ◉ James Milner () Crack out the Ribena. 🧃
Casemiro made as many tackles as the rest of his Manchester United teammates combined in the first half vs. Brighton (). 💪 #BHAMUN
Danny Welbeck's club career goals: ◉ - Arsenal ◉ - Man Utd ◉ - Brighton ◉ - Sunderland ◉ - Watford ◉ - Preston #BHAMUN
Most hat-tricks by overseas players in Premier League history: 🇦🇷 - Sergio Aguero ( games) 🇫🇷 - Thierry Henry ( games) 🇳🇴 - Erling Haaland ( games) Just look at the games played. 👀
Erling Haaland in Man City shirt: games goals hat-tricks Never seen anything like this.
The third-youngest player in Premier League history to reach wins 👏 Bukayo Saka, take a bow!
🚨🔵 Everton's first Premier League games of the / season... ❌ - loss to Brighton ❌ - loss to Spurs goals scored. points. goals conceded.
Cristiano Ronaldo’s goalscoring record in the Saudi Pro League has been absolutely 𝐈𝐍𝐂𝐑𝐄𝐃𝐈𝐁𝐋𝐄. 🔥🇸🇦 goals in matches for the Portuguese. 😮‍💨🇵🇹
Arsenal have now scored + Premier League goals against four different teams: ◎ Everton ◎ West Ham ◎ Tottenham ◉ Aston Villa 🆕 Only Liverpool and Man Utd have scored a century of goals against more different sides (both ). 🏏
🔵🔴🫂 Hansi Flick: “I didn’t say anything specific to Nico after the game… just congratulations for the Euros!”.
Only four players have won + Premier League games before turning : ◎ Cesc Fabregas ◎ Wayne Rooney ◎ Phil Foden ◉ Bukayo Saka 🆕 Lil Chili is a centurion. 💯
Most wins in the first top-flight league games of a calendar year in football league history: ◎ - Liverpool () ◎ - Man City () ◎ - Man City () ◉ - Arsenal () The Gunners join an elite club. 🤲
He really tried today but in the first picture, the ball hit the post, not his hand
Let say that true If it did not hit the bar it will touch his hand and go to corner the second save was a masterpiece but for me I think it was him that save both
I can't deny the nd save, really brilliant
Why @⁨+ ⁩ con dey silent today @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ Abeg shey he travel ni???
E saved both
You knw say his club don chop am today so naw silent mode him dey 😂😂
E save only the second ball
Naw the second one he save
I trust him That one no fit be the reason
Yes
@⁨+ ⁩ ooooooooo
@⁨+ ⁩ ooooo
Elekeji re niyi oo Tinba pe o ni eketa ti o ba daun, aje wipe odi🤐 😂😂😂
@⁨+ ⁩ oooooooo
You won dash him money niii
Arsenal in the Premier League in : WWWWWWWWDWWLWWWWWWWW ◉ Most goals scored () ◉ Fewest shots on target faced () ◉= Most wins () ◉ Most clean sheets () ◉ Fewest goals conceded () Is this the season they win the title? 🏆 #AVLARS
It as to be
❗️ Chelsea have not won away at Wolves in FIVE years.
Cold don start again this season oo 🥶⚽️
Dey play
Cold Palmer 🥶🥶🥶🥶⚽️⚽️ assist goal 🥶⚽️
Chelsea dey ball 🥶🥶🥶🥶
assist goal
I knw I’m talking about madueke too
He scored one goal and he no allow us rest again, weyre player Tho, Mikel too don Dey talk too much these days Start Dey do different podcasts and be criticizing Chelsea players
Lolll
Virgil van Dijk’s record at Anfield in the Premier League for Liverpool: ◉ games ◉ wins ◉ draws ◉ defeats ◎ clean sheets ◎ goals And he’s only been dribbled past times. ⛰️
Me con they number
Chaiiiiu
🟡🔴 Dybala on rejecting €m salary in three years from Al Qadsiah: “I have considered my family, my wife, the city, the team, the national team… people talk about money but I considered many factors”. “I’m , I’ve considered all factors and I’m very happy to stay”.
The league just Dey start
A no get the morale again niii
🗣 Victor Osimhen’s agent Roberto Calenda. “Osimhen is a Napoli player, with a contract recently renewed with mutual satisfaction. He made history and when there were major offers (also this year) we always accepted the club's decisions [to keep him]. “He is not a package to be shipped far away to make room for new prophets. Victor was elected African footballer of the year, finished eighth at the Ballon d'Or, and he still has so much to do in Europe. There is need for respect and balance.”
🚨 Osimhen has turned down Al Ahli’s offers, it remains to be seen if they will relaunch another to satisfy his demands. Di Marzio - Sky Italia
Uk drop the link
🚨🇬🇪 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 | Giorgi Mamardashvili to Liverpool, here we go! ✅ €m package + sell-on clause, he will stay at Valencia this season then join Liverpool in
⚪️⚫️🇵🇹 Francisco Conceição has successfully completed all medical tests as new Juventus player.
🚨🇸🇦 Al Hilal have reached verbal agreement with Manchester City for João Cancelo. Fee around €m package, club to club deal verbally done. It now depends on João Cancelo and his decision; Al Hilal offered him deal worth €m net salary per season. Cancelo will decide soon.
🚨🇸🇦 The agreement between Al Orobah and West Ham for Kurt Zouma is loan with mandatory buy clause.
🚨🔴 EXCLUSIVE: Liverpool make initial approach for Federico Chiesa as possible option for final days. Chiesa, available on the market as Juve want to find a solution and #LFC made contact today. Liverpool exploring conditions of the deal as Chiesa would be keen on PL move.
🚨𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Liverpool make contact for Federico Chiesa today . Liverpool exploring conditions of the deal as Chiesa would be keen on PL move. [FabrizioRomano]
🚨BREAKING🚨: Sporting are worried about Arsenal triggering Victor Gyokeres' release clause ahead of the transfer window closing. 🎯 According to Portuguese paper Correio da Manhã, there is a feeling the Gunners will match the £million fee for the Sweden striker. 🎯 Gyokeres recently scored a hat-trick against Farense. 🚨👀 He said afterwards that, “anything can happen until the market closes.”
🚨 Napoli’s president is no longer demanding the full €m release clause for Victor Osimhen! 💰❌ (Source: )
Kingsley Coman has decided to leave Bayern before Friday's deadline day. His destination is not known yet, but several English clubs are interested. Coman was one of several big earners that Bayern bosses told they can leave the club. The Frenchman has decided not to stay. His decision was made a few days ago.📰L'Equipe
If Arsenal sign Gyokeres Omoh!!! People go collect oo🔥🔥🔥
I tell you I won make this deal happen 🥲🥺🙏
Everything still on football naniii
Arteta gradually disrupting Arsenal's philosophy
People go collect Buh we too go collect
It’ll not happen😂💔
Lollll
I like the guy o he’s good, strong, fast and very clinical too He has what it takes to succeed in premier league and joining a balanced team like Arsenal go help him a lot but I no pray make he happen 😂💔
Neto+Felix= Netflix 💙🔥
Because of what ?
The team go too hot ni
Chelsea’s interest in Osimhen has always been on a loan, but Osimhen wants a permanent deal. I would also keep an eye on Jhon Duran. Osimhen is one for the last - hours. Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia
🚨🔴 Manuel Ugarte to Manchester United, here we go! Deal sealed between clubs after personal terms agreed in July. €m fixed fee plus €m add-ons will be the final package. Ugarte will travel to Manchester as he ONLY wanted United… and United only wanted him. Done. ✅🇺🇾
🚨🔵 Napoli and Manchester United are completing Scott McTominay deal today. Manchester United prepared to authorize travel for McTominay, still waiting on final formal steps. €m package plus % sell-on clause. ⏳🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
🚨 Jadon Sancho will need to accept a significant pay cut if he is to swap Manchester United for Chelsea. []
🟡🔴 AS Roma are closing in on Kevin Danso deal with RC Lens! Agreement at final stages. Loan with obligation to buy almost agreed between all parties. 🤝🏻 Final steps to follow.
⚪️⚫️🇵🇹 Official, confirmed. Francisco Conceição joins Juventus from Porto on loan deal for €m plus €m add-ons. Next up: Teun Koopmeiners.
🔴⚫️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Tammy Abraham has already agreed on personal terms with AC Milan. The contract details agreed in July remain valid now, Abraham’s keen on the move. West Ham rumours described by sources as wide of mark, no negotiations. ❌⚒️
🚨🔴 BREAKING: Federico Chiesa to Liverpool, here we go! Agreement done for €m initial fee with add-ons. Four year contract for Chiesa as new Liverpool player, set to fly later today. Chiesa accepted Liverpool immediately. Deal DONE. Exclusive story confirmed. 🔐🇮🇹
🚨🔴 Exclusive statement by Kingsley Coman’s agent Christian Emile replies to reports of proposal from Al Hilal accepted by French winger. “It’s NOT true. Kingsley has not accepted any bid at this stage”.
🚨 Victor Osimhen is now OPEN to Saudi move to Al-Ahli. Al-Ahli doesn't give up Victor Osimhen. In the last few hours, Osimhen is open to the move. Meanwhile, Napoli also hopes to be able to close the operation. Di Marzio - Sky Italia
🔴⚪️ Southampton have submitted formal bid to Arsenal and to Aaron Ramsdale agents.
🔴🇲🇱 All documents are ready for born Mali talent Sékou Kone to complete his move to Manchester United. Exclusive story to be confirmed soon as United have signed all docs and formal steps will follow in next h. One for the future. ✨
🔴🛩️ Federico Chiesa: “I’m very happy, I can’t wait to become new Liverpool player. Me and my family, we’re so happy really”. “Let me say thanks to Juventus and the fans, they have been always special with me”. “Now it’s time for #LFC, I’m so happy. I can’t wait!”.
🚨 Vini Jr. is the FAVORITE to win Ballon d’Or. 🌕🇧🇷 He is ahead of Jude Bellingham and Rodri. (Via )
𝘽𝙍𝙀𝘼𝙆𝙄𝙉𝙂: Everton tried to sign Maxence Caqueret. The midfielder did not respond to the Toffees' approaches.
𝘽𝙍𝙀𝘼𝙆𝙄𝙉𝙂: Al Ahli proposal to Victor Osimhen NOW includes a release clause, crucial point requested by the striker. Talks will continue in person with Al Ahli management for direct talks. Chelsea keep negotiating on contrast terms with Victor. []
𝘽𝙍𝙀𝘼𝙆𝙄𝙉𝙂: Real Madrid are pursuing a deal to sign Rodri for NEXT season. Florentino Perez priorities for next season. However, Man City will attempt to improve and extend Rodri’s contract. []
🗣️ Cristiano Ronaldo on Youtube: "I want to reach goals first, then . But with one difference: all my goals are on video, I have proof! I respect all the legends before me, but I have proof. All of them will be on video." 😂
🇵🇹🗣️ Cristiano Ronaldo: "I am the most followed person in the world." When you talk about Cristiano badly you will be in the spotlight, it’s normal..."
Louis Saha🗣️: „We live in a sad world. From what I have seen, a lot of footballers wives leave after the end of their husbands' careers... and I am one of them!”
𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: Pep Guardiola has given every single member of Man City's first team support staff a £, bonus. Every employee who works in the first-team building received the £,, including chefs, receptionists, and baristas. 👏👏 🗞️ Yaanom will never do this
Carabao Cup third round draw: Liverpool vs. West Ham United Manchester City vs. Watford Arsenal vs. Bolton Wanderers Manchester United vs. Barnsley Wycombe Wanderers vs. Aston Villa Coventry City vs. Tottenham Walsall vs. Leicester City Brentford vs. Leyton Orient Blackpool vs. Sheffield Wednesday Preston North End vs. Fulham Everton vs. Southampton QPR vs. Crystal Palace Stoke City vs. Fleetwood Town Brighton vs. Wolves AFC Wimbledon vs. Newcastle United Chelsea vs. Barrow
🚨🇪🇸 Sergio Ramos has still not made any decision on his future club. Ramos, currently assessing several options as free agent.
🔵✍🏻 Romelu Lukaku, new Napoli player until June . All documents are signed. Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia
🚨 Jack Grealish + Noni Madueke among those set to be picked in Lee Carsley’s st England squad as interim head coach. Grealish returns after being left out for Euro . Madueke called up for st time amid fine Chelsea form #ENG #MCFC #CFC
Manchester City's UCL fixtures: (H) Inter (A) PSG (H) Club Brugge (A) Juventus (H) Feyenoord (A) Sporting (H) Sparta Praha (A) Slovan Bratislava #UCLdraw
Inter's UCL fixtures: (H) Leipzig (A) Man City (H) Arsenal (A) Leverkusen (H) Crvena Zvezda (A) Young Boys (H) Monaco (A) Sparta Praha #UCLdraw
Barcelona's UCL fixtures: (H) Bayern (A) Dortmund (H) Atalanta (A) Benfica (H) Young Boys (A) Crvena Zvezda (H) Brest (A) Monaco #UCLdraw
*UEFA Champions League* draw will start at : GMT! Before the draw begins, let's refresh your memory and give you some historical information and figures about the tournament. Teams with most Champions League: • times — 🇪🇸 Real Madrid • times — 🇮🇹AC Milan • times — 🇩🇪 Bayern Munich • times — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Liverpool • times — 🇪🇸 Barcelona • times — 🇳🇱 Ajax • times — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Manchester United times — 🇮🇹 Inter Milan • times — 🇮🇹 Juventus • times — 🇵🇹 Benfica • times — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chelsea • times — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Nottingham Forest • times — 🇵🇹 Porto • time — 🇩🇪 Borussia Dortmund • time — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Celtic • time — 🇩🇪 Hamburg • time — 🇷🇴 Steaua Bucharest • time — 🇫🇷 Marseille • time — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Manchester City • Once — 🇳🇱 Feyenoord • Once — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Aston Villa • Once — PSV Eindhoven • Once — 🇷🇸 Red Star Most goals scored in the Champions League group stage: goals — 🇦🇷 Lionel Messi goals — 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo goals — 🇵🇱 Robert Lewandowski goals — 🇫🇷 Karim Benzema goals — 🇪🇸 Raul González Most goals scored in the knockout stages of the Champions League in the modern version: goals — 🇵🇹Cristiano Ronaldo goals — 🇦🇷 Lionel Messi goals — 🇫🇷 Benzema goals — 🇵🇱Robert Lewandowski goals — 🇩🇪 Thomas Müller goals — 🇫🇷 Kylian Mbappé Teams that achieved / points in the group stage of the Champions League: ✅ACMilan / ✅Paris Saint-Germain / ✅ Spartak Moscow / ✅ Barcelona / ✅ Real Madrid / ✅ Real Madrid / ✅ Bayern Munich / ✅ Ajax / ✅ Bayern Munich / ✅ Liverpool / ✅ Bayern Munich / ✅ Real Madrid / ✅ Manchester City / Historically. Cristiano Ronaldo is the only player to open the Champions League goals in two different versions. ✅/ season ✅ / season Historic!Cristiano Ronaldo's record still stands as the highest scorer in the history of the Champions League in a single season 😱 / 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo ( goals) / 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo ( goals) Historically. Cristiano Ronaldo is the player who has won the top scorer title in the most consecutive seasons in the history of the Champions League! ✅ / ✅ / ✅ / ✅ / ✅ / ✅ / Youngest player to score in the Champions League: 🇪🇸 Ansu Fati ( years and days) Oldest player to score in the Champions League: 🇵🇹 Pepe ( years and days) Most appearances in the Champions League: matches — 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo matches — 🇪🇸 Iker Casillas matches — 🇦🇷 Lionel Messi matches — 🇫🇷 Karim Benzema matches — 🇪🇸 Xavi Hernández matches — 🇩🇪 Thomas Müller matches — 🇩🇪 Toni Kroos Robert Lewandowski is the only player in Champions League history to score a hat-trick with three different clubs. ✅ With Dortmund ✅ With Bayern Munich ✅ With Barcelona He also has the fastest hat-trick in the Champions League since the start of the match, having done it in the first minutes — against Salzburg in March . Zlatan Ibrahimovic is the only player in the history of the Champions League who played for seven different clubs 😨 🇳🇱 Ajax 🇮🇹 Juventus 🇮🇹 Inter Milan 🇮🇹 AC Milan 🇪🇸 Barcelona 🇫🇷 Paris Saint-Germain 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Manchester United Historically. Most Champions League titles in the modern format: times — 🇭🇷 Modrić times — 🇪🇸 Carvajal times — 🇩🇪 Kroos times — 🇪🇸 Nacho times — 🇵🇹 Ronaldo times — 🇫🇷 Benzema times — 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Bale times — 🇪🇸 Isco times — 🇧🇷 Marcelo times — 🇧🇷 Casemiro times — 🇪🇸 Vazquez Historically...There are only players in the history of the Champions League who have scored goals in a single match: / — 🇳🇴 Haaland vs Leipzig / — 🇧🇷 Luiz Adriano vs Borisov / — 🇦🇷 Messi vs Bayer Leverkusen Historically.Most Champions League winning coaches: 🇮🇹 Ancelotti times With Milan , With Real Madrid , , 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Bob Paisley times Liverpool , , 🇫🇷 Zidane times Real Madrid , , 🇪🇸 Guardiola times Barcelona , Manchester City Historically. Teams that achieved the Champions League without losing. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Liverpool ✅ / ✅ / 🇮🇹 ACMilan ✅ / ✅ / 🇳🇱 Ajax ✅ / ✅ / 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Manchester United ✅ / ✅ / 🇮🇹 Inter Milan ✅ / 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Nottingham Forest ✅ / 🇷🇸 Red Star ✅ / 🇫🇷 Marseille ✅ / 🇪🇸 Barcelona ✅ / 🇩🇪 Bayern Munich ✅ / 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Manchester City ✅ / 🇪🇸 Real Madrid ✅ /
This is how today's newly automated UCL draw will be done: - There are pots each with clubs (balls). - Once the team name is called, the automated software randomly draws opponents for that team, from each of the pots. - The software will also determine whether each opponent will face the team drawn at home or away, because only one game will be played per opponent. So there will be home games, away games. - The order of opponent allocation begins with pot (two opponents), followed by the other pots in descending order. - Full fixture list will be out hours after the draw.
The new format of the UEFA Champions League (UCL) is quite exciting! Starting from the / season, teams will participate in the league phase, which replaces the traditional group stage ¹ ² ³ ⁴. Here's a breakdown of the changes: - *League Phase:* teams will compete in a single league, with each team playing eight matches against eight different opponents ¹ ² ³ ⁴. - *Seeding Pots:* Teams will be divided into four seeding pots, and each team will play two teams from each pot, with one match at home and one away ¹ ² ³ ⁴. - *Points System:* Three points for a win, one for a draw, and none for a loss ¹ ² ³. - *Qualification for Knockout Stage:* The top eight teams will qualify automatically for the round of , while teams ranked th to th will compete in a two-legged play-off to secure their spot ¹ ² ³ ⁴. - *Knockout Stage:* The winners of the play-offs will join the top eight teams in the round of , and the competition will follow the existing format of knockout rounds leading to the final ¹ ² ³ ⁴. These changes aim to provide more competitive matches and opportunities for teams to compete against a wider range of opponents ¹. The new format also increases the number of matches in the competition from to ⁴.
Cristiano Ronaldo has been honored with a special award as the UEFA Champions League All-Time Top Scorer 🐐 📝 Appearances: ⚽️ Goals: 🏆 UCL trophies:
You don do mistake here or UEFA do mistake
My club no dey there Arsenal😂 maybe them do mistake I beg recheck
Arsenal collect champions league ni 😂 Mio gbo ri
We collect but Barcelona no let them give us
We win but we no collect title
@⁨+ ⁩ you wan Dey whine Arsenal fans abi
I swear Arsenal fans dey try
If I be girl ni na Arsenal fan I go marry😂 He go fit tolerate my wahala with patience
I swear
Some there fans never see them collect league talkless of champions league
I will not mention anybody’s name @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩
You no mention
I no mention anybody’s name nah😎
Leave am
We move this season
🚨🇸🇦 BREAKING: Napoli reach total agreement with Al Ahli for Victor Osimhen! Club to club deal done for €/m total package, Al Ahli have already booked a medical. Four year contract worth €/m per season net to Osimhen + RELEASE clause. Final green light up to Victor.
🚨🇸🇦 Al Ahli have also agreed a deal with Brentford for Ivan Toney worth €m, as L’Équipe reported. Toney has already accepted as Al Ahli want Osimhen to make final decision as soon as possible. Al Ahli agreed both Osimhen and Toney deals but NO green light from Victor yet. Fabrizio Romano - Sky Italia
🚨🇸🇦 Ivan Toney arrives for his medical in central London ahead of a possible move to Al Ahil Sky Sports
BREAKING: Southampton have signed Aaron Ramsdale from Arsenal 🚨
🚨🔴⚪️ Bad news for Arsenal as Mikel Merino is injured. “He has a shoulder injury and it looks like he will be out for a few weeks”. “He landed on the floor and Gabi landed on top of him, it's a fracture probably”, Arteta says via
🚨🔵🔴 EXCL: Barça are closing in on deal for born left back David Oduro from Accra Lions, joining the Academy. He’s the first player ever to sign for Barça directly from Ghana, agreement in place. Here we go. 🇬🇭
‼️Victor Osimhen has had only one favorite choice. He wants to play for Chelsea. ⏳But nothing’s done yet. Now Chelsea and player to make Napoli fallen down and accept his departure. Big fight ongoing.
🚨🟢⚪️ Gio Lo Celso to Real Betis, here we go! Deal completed with Tottenham for Argentinian midfielder to return. Move completed with Jhonny Cardoso as part of the agreement, as exclusively revealed.
🚨🇸🇦 Al Ahli working on documents to complete Ivan Toney deal with Brentford and player’s camp. Main part of medical done in London and Al Ahli now proceeding to get it done after issues with Napoli/Osimhen deal.
Wahala
🔵🔐 Guardiola confirms City not to sign any backup for Haaland: “Maybe it's a mistake, I don't know, but I like to work with not a long, long, long squad”. “I don't like to leave a lot of players without playing for a long, long time”.
"I know quite a few Chelsea supporters are scratching their heads." Kaveh Solhekol on Jadon Sancho and Victor Osimhen's potential move to Stamford Bridge ✍
🎙️Fabrizio Romano: "It's gonna be interesting tonight. Trust me. It's calm before the storm." 💥
🚨 Victor Osimhen has been asking for something like £k a week to move to Chelsea. I don't think they will stretch to that. His offer from Saudi is k a week, tax free. 🤯
🚨 I think it's now looking a little bit unlikely that Victor Osimhen is coming to Chelsea. They have been pushing hard to get him, but the stumbling block is wages. () #CFC
🚨🔴🔵 Marc Guehi STAYS at Palace, Oliver Glasner confirms: “Congratulations to our owners because they didn't give up”. “He always told me that he's not pushing to leave Crystal Palace”.
Sources close to Raheem Sterling indicate talks ongoing between Chelsea and Arsenal over a potential loan deal. Still no direct talks between Sterling and any club.
‼️ #Chelsea are making the last attempt with #Napoli for Victor #Osimhen. ↩️ In parallel, #CFC are working on the exit of #Sterling, close to #Arsenal. 🗣️ Raheem gave his approval for a transfer on loan and agreed on personal terms: talks are well underway between clubs.
BREAKING: Manchester United have completed the signing of midfielder Manuel Ugarte from PSG ✍️ 🔴
😂😂😂
🚨🗣️ #Galatasaray are in talks with #Napoli for #Osimhen, confirmed. The discussions between clubs are progressing well. 💰 The 🇹🇷 team put on the table a straight loan proposal with salary paid. 👌 Gala are confident to close positively the deal with the 🇳🇬 ST and Napoli too.
Thomas Müller passes Sepp Maier to become Bayern's all-time leader in appearances (). Of course he topped it off with a goal 😤
🎙️ “Do you prefer playing as a left winger or behind Lewandowski…? Where do you feel more comfortable?” 🇧🇷 Raphinha: “On the field 😂”
OFFICIAL: Cole Palmer has withdrawn from the England camp and will return to Cobham for the remainder of the international break. Statement | England “The Three Lions squad reported to St. George’s Park on Tuesday but, following assessment, both [Cole] Palmer and [Ollie] Watkins returned to their clubs to continue rehabilitation for ongoing issues.”
This man naw werey 😂😂
Yes oo
🚨🇸🇦 Toney’s four-year deal at Al Ahli will land him basic pay of £k per week after tax, reports the Telegraph. Add-ons and performance-related bonuses would take his salary to towards £k/week across his contract. Same salary in the UK after tax would take close to £m.
Haaland no Dey compete with players again
Ivan Toney’s move to Saudi Arabia could reportedly see him earn as much as £m a week with bonuses
Roasted 😂😂
Make den give Alonso Invisible
🚨 Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the 𝗙𝗜𝗥𝗦𝗧 player to reach 𝟵𝟬𝟬 career goals! 🤯📈 Real Madrid- ⚽ Man Utd - ⚽ Juventus - ⚽ Sporting - ⚽ Al-Nassr- ⚽ Portugal- ⚽ The Goat 🐐💯
🚨⚠️ Kevin De Bruyne on crazy schedule: “The real problem will emerge after the Club World Cup”. “There will be only three weeks between the Club World Cup final and the first Premier League match”. “We have weeks rest and prepare for another matches!”, says via .
🚨⚠️ De Bruyne: “The PFA and other player associations have tried to find solutions…”. “The issue is UEFA and FIFA keep adding extra matches”. “We can raise concerns, but no solutions have been found”. “It seems money speaks louder than players' voices!”, says via .
Morata and wife Alice divorce argument on the pitch causes divorce …..wife didn’t want his family members An argument on the pitch following Spain's Euro final win over England caused the split between Alvaro Morata and his model wife, according to a report. The duo had a 'fight' on the pitch after Spain had beaten England in the Euro final in Germany, and things went downhill rapidly from there. It is reported that Alice was keen for only herself, her children and her friends to be on the pitch to celebrate with Morata, and didn't want the Spain captain's parents or family present, leading to the slide of their relationship. Hence the reason for divorce. Lawyers are said to be working on the divorce papers, with the separation mutually agreed. Source: MailOnline
football matches in Germany are under suspicion of 'manipulation'. The games in question are from the . League and regional leagues. The German Football Association is aware of the suspicion and takes it 'very seriously' - however, the association doubts that football matches can be manipulated to arrive at an exact result. Additionally, they are said to have been sometimes noticeably wrong decisions by the referees or serious blunders by goalkeepers and defensive players. As of now, there is just an ongoing investigation regarding this all
🚨🚨| Manchester City will be in court in October, after former player Benjamin Mendy sued the club in the employment tribunal. ⚖️
Tottenham Hotspur and Uruguay midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur has been charged by the Football Association (FA) for an alleged breach of their rules after the -year-old’s comments saying that his club captain Son Heung-min and his cousins “all look the same” emerged earlier this year. In an interview, which was aired in June, with Uruguayan TV, the central midfielder made the offensive remark when asked whether he could get Son’s shirt for the presenter. Bentancur replied by saying he could get a jersey from his skipper’s cousin because they “all look the same” Following negative reaction online, the ex-Juventus man was quick to apologise for his comments: “Sonny brother! I apologise to you for what happened, it was just a very bad joke! You know I love you and I would never disrespect you or hurt you or anyone else! I love you brother!”
“It's alleged that the Tottenham Hotspur midfielder has breached FA Rule E. as he acted in an improper manner and/or used abusive and/or insulting words and/or brought the game into disrepute. “It’s further alleged that this constitutes an ‘aggravated’ breach which is defined in FA Rule E. as it included a reference, whether express or implied, to nationality and/or race and/or ethnic origin.”
The Athletic’s report has suggested that Bentancur, , has until September to state his case and respond to the charge. Despite that, the -cap Uruguay international has been cleared to feature in this weekend’s all-important north London derby. Per journalist Alasdair Gold, he could also face a ban between six and matches if the punishment is upheld.
Betting man
Shaaa no carry man united ooo
Yellow
Lmsoo
The cards handed out in the Premier League this weekend: 🟨 Mainoo 🟨 Eriksen 🟨 Fernandes 🟨 Cornet 🟥 Stephens 🟨 Morsy 🟨 Minteh 🟨 Phillips 🟨 Hutchinson 🟨 Hinshelwood 🟨 Veltman 🟨 Verbruggen 🟨 Ndidi 🟨 Ayew 🟨 Coady 🟨 Lukic 🟨 Rodriguez 🟨 Alvarez 🟨 Soler 🟨 Nelson 🟨 Moreno 🟨 Yates 🟨 Sels 🟨 Gravenberch 🟨 Szoboszlai 🟨 Elanga 🟨 Alexander-Arnold 🟨 Kovacic 🟨 Savinho 🟨 Stones 🟨 Collins 🟨 Ndiaye 🟨 Iroegbunam 🟨 Martinez 🟨 Young 🟨 O'Brien 🟨 Christie 🟨 Fofana 🟨 Cook 🟨 Smith 🟨 Cucurella 🟨 Sanchez 🟨 Jackson 🟨 Colwill 🟨 Sancho 🟨 Kluivert 🟨 Senesi 🟨 Veiga 🟨 Felix 🟨 Semenyo 🟨 Saliba 🟨 Udogie 🟨 Bentancur 🟨 Timber 🟨 Vicario 🟨 Kulusevski 🟨 Van de Ven 🟨 Jorginho 🟨 Joelinton 🟨 Burn 🟨 Ait-Nouri 🟨 Semedo 🟨 Andre 🟨 Murphy A record breaking 𝐒𝐈𝐗𝐓𝐘-𝐅𝐈𝐕𝐄 (!) bookings 😱
🚨🔴⚪️ Arteta: “We will lose Martin Ødegaard for a while”. “The scans showed he has some damage especially on one of the ligaments in the ankle”. ↪️ Calafiori and Saka are fine and available.
Thomas Müller now holds the record for the most Champions League appearances for one club . Thomas Müller: Bayern Munich () . Xavi: Barcelona () . Ryan Giggs: Manchester United (
🥦🥦English players to score a brace off the bench in a UCL game: David Beckham vs Real Madrid (𝟮𝟬𝟬𝟯) Marcus Rashford vs Leipzig (𝟮𝟬𝟮𝟬) Jamie Gittens vs Brugge (𝟮𝟬𝟮𝟰)
🗣️ Haaland: "Do you want my jersey? You were pulling it all game." 🗣️ Acerbi: "It’s the second time I stopped you." 🗣️ Haaland: "F*ck off!" 😂
Man united bawo Crystal to score
Nice result - with red card against city for first half
Only two outfield players have played + minutes of a Premier League game and not completed a single pass since records began: ◉ Kai Havertz vs. Man City (/) ◉ Jurrien Timber vs. Man City (/) And it happened in the same game. 🤯
Arteta on the referee making the game about himself: 🗣️ “I wanted to play a very different game. The game and the Premier League deserved a very different game when two teams are fighting at this level. Unfortunately we didn’t get that.”
Mikel Arteta: "You can ask me (about Trossard's sending off), but its that obvious I don't have to comment." [BeIN]
Micah Richards on Trossard’s red card: 🗣️ “Yeah, he’s kicked the ball away and it’s a sloppy yellow card but it spoilt the game. In a big game like this you just want a little bit of common sense. If you look at the Doku one he kicks it away. We want consistency.”
Man City’s last Premier League home games: DWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWDDDWWWDWWDWWWWWWD Man City’s last Premier League home games vs. Arsenal DWWWWWWWDD A stoppage time equaliser from John Stones ensures both runs carry on. 🤯
I no focus before ni jawe I con see say my position worst na hin I make different changes that’ll cost me points for this game week Most of my previous players don get injury
Na after dey comot points naim e remain ?
Nope Them go still commot points
Ope o 😂
😂😂😂 Still a long way to go nah our position now no really matter that much
David Raya has the best save percentage of any goalkeeper to make + saves in the Premier League this season (.%), while no keeper has kept more clean sheets (). The best in the competition right now. 🧤
Bernardo Silva: “The difference between the rivalry with Arsenal and Liverpool? Maybe it's that Liverpool have already won a PL and Arsenal haven't. That Liverpool have won a CL and Arsenal haven't. And that Liverpool always face us with the intention of winning the game." 👀
🇸🇪 ⚽️ Victor Gyokeres since August for Sporting: - games - G/A - goals - assists So far this season, he has got G/A for club and country and it’s September! 🤩
🔵⚠️ Pep Guardiola: “Next time, we’ll not go to talk to the referee”. “Kyle Walker was just right. The referee asked him to come to talk to him and the other ones, and when that happens some players have to be close to the ball, and we have to readjust the back-four, but they didn't have time”. “But Kyle arrived in the position, and after Calafiori made a good goal”. “But we knew that always every free-kick that they contact quick with the wingers and they are really good with Saka and Martinelli, and I don't like the back-four when it's a foul and they move on”. “When the referee says: Come to talk to me… at least leave him to come back to the position. Because next time, we will not go to talk to them”.
Another game and another record for Erling Haaland. 🤖 The Norwegian broke the record that he already jointly shared with Mick Quinn for the fewest games needed in a single Premier League season to score goals ( games). It was also his th goal for Man City, equalling Cristiano Ronaldo's record for the fewest games needed this century to reach a century for a side in a top five European league ( games). He now has Premier League goals in just games and is already Man City's third highest goalscorer in the Premier League era. 🤯 #MCIARS
🕋🕋Arne Slot on Darwin Nunez: “We hope we are adding goals to his game, it’s what you need from a striker… but this work rate was really good. We have a lot of good players, a lot of competition & as long as they keep performing it is a very good thing for me”. 🕋🕋Kylian Mbappé is currently the player in La Liga with the most goals. 🕋🕋Real Madrid /, MOTM tracker: * Kylian Mbappé: * Jude Bellingham: * Fede Valverde: * Thibaut Courtois: * Rodrygo: 🕋🕋Robert Lewandowski scored FIVE goals in NINE minutes against Wolfsburg on this day in . Not sure we'll see anything like it again 🕋🕋Michael Olise was watching Chelsea beat West Ham on his phone before scoring two goals and providing two assists vs. Werder Bremen ═════════════════ *𝙏𝙃𝙀 𝙂𝙇𝙊𝘽𝘼𝙇 𝙀𝙐𝙍𝙊* ═════════════════ 🕍🕍On this day, in , Arséne Wenger was announced as Arsenal manager: ▪︎ years ▪︎ , games ▪︎ x Premier League ▪︎ x FA Cup ▪︎ x Community Shield I think it’s fair to say he was a good appointment. 🕍🕍William Saliba: "Haaland? He's a great player. One of the best in the world. It's hard to play against him but last season we gave everything to prevent him from scoring and he didn't succeed." 🕍🕍Trent Alexander-Arnold is years old. He’s a defender and he’s been directly involved in career goals: ▪︎ goals ▪︎ assists 🕍🕍Manchester United in the first Premier League matches: ▪︎ matches ▪︎ Wins ▪︎ Losses ▪︎ Draw ▪︎ points out of ▪︎th on the table 🕍🕍Gary Neville: "If Arsenal doesn’t win Premier League or Champions, then they can forget about going down in history. That’s harsh but the reality of elite sport. There will be no Netflix documentaries and never be feted or admired. They will be dismissed as nearly men. History is unforgiving of those who fall short" 🕍🕍Peter Crouch on Manchester United this season: “Being totally honest, I think they are miles behind Aston Villa and Newcastle.” 🕍🕍William Saliba: "Haaland? He's a great player. One of the best in the world. It's hard to play against him but last season we gave everything to prevent him from scoring and he didn't succeed." 🕍🕍Since making his Premier League debut for Chelsea in September , Cole Palmer has contributed to more goals than any other player: Cole Palmer - Erling Haaland - Ollie Watkins - What a signing 🕍🕍The last time Pep Guardiola won the Manager of the Month award in the Premier League was in . 🕍🕍Nicolas Jackson's goalscoring record from open play in the Premier League since the start of last season may surprise you 🕍🕍Ange Postecoglou on Dominic Solanke: "Dom worked his socks off. He was gone at the end. He is still building up fitness, but I know he is going to provide so much for us in that central position. All strikers love goals so it will be a great moment for him especially at home." 🕍🕍Ten Hag on Rashford on the bench: "The speculation from the consultants is crazy. You're speculating when you don't know anything. It was just a rotation. I'm very happy with Marcus." 🕍🕍Ten Hag: "He [Lisandro Martinez] took a risk, but I think he was on the ball. He didn't touch the opponent, so I think it's a yellow card, but he should control himself more." ═════════════════ *𝙏𝙃𝙀 𝙂𝙇𝙊𝘽𝘼𝙇 𝙂𝘼𝙕𝙕𝙀𝙏𝙏𝘼* ═════════════════ 🏪🏪Ancelotti: “I’m not being unfair with Endrick. There are Mbappé, Rodrygo and Vinicius. He needs to be patient. Calma, patience. He’s very good”. 🏪🏪Tosin Adarabioyo after beating West Ham: “Everybody knows our squad is phenomenal. You can swap any player in or out and it's still going to be a high level”. 🏪🏪Enzo Maresca: "Nicolas Jackson was not only good because he scored twice, but the way he works off the ball has been fantastic. I'm happy with him in terms of numbers, but especially happy because the way he works has been fantastic". 🏪🏪Cole Palmer: "Everybody knows Nicolas Jackson is a top player. He needs to keep going. The Chelsea fans and players rate him highly, we know what he is capable of".
Just five days after Rodri suggested that players were “close” to a strike, he’s out for the season with an ACL tear 💔
Carabao Cup th Round Draw: Brentford v Sheffield Wed Southampton v Stoke Tottenham v Man City Afc Wimbledon/Newcastle v Chelsea Man Utd v Leicester Brighton v Liverpool Preston v Arsenal Aston Villa v Crystal Palace
🚨🚨| Cold Palmer is the FIRST player in Premier League HISTORY to score four goals before half-time in a single match!! 🥶🔥
🚨🚨| Most Premier League G/A since Cole Palmer's Chelsea debut in September : ◉ - Cole Palmer ◎ - Erling Haaland ◎ - Ollie Watkins ◎ - Mohamed Salah ◎ - Son Heung-min
People that capped Palmer on Fpl are eating good
See me oo na hin I cap as at yesterday o and I con chang am back to Haaland this morning
Omo
Bukayo Saka has directly involved in goals in games in the Premier League this season: ⚽🅰️ vs. Wolves 🅰️ vs. Villa 🅰️ vs. Brighton 🅰️ vs. Spurs 🅰️ vs. Man City 🅰️ vs. Leicester City Special player. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🌶
With his four goals against Brighton, Cole Palmer becomes the nd midfielder in Premier League history to score goals in two separate games, the other being Frank Lampard: C. Palmer ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️ vs. Everton () ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️ vs. Brighton () F. Lampard ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️ vs. Derby () ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️ vs. Villa () Ice COLD Palmer. 🥶🥶🥶🥶
Saka's stats vs. Leicester City: Most dribbles completed () Most shots () Most assist () A Captains Performance. ©️🌶
🔴⚪️ Arteta on Pep comments: “When I say I know stuff about Man City, I meant I know how hard they work. This is what I mean!”. “I can repeat it very clear, I admire Pep. I love Pep. I respect him so fondly for everything he does for me”. “I consider him a friend”.
🚨🔵🔴 Frenkie de Jong: “They said a lot about me… they said that I don't want to have surgery and that they pay me a lot of money”. “They said I get €m salary and it’s fake! It’s very, very far from that”. “I'm not close to earning that, I'm very far away”.
Bruno Fernandes has had more shots without scoring that any other player in the Premier League this season (). Can he finally get off the mark vs. Tottenham? 🤔 #MUNTOT
🚨🔴💬 Harry #Kane does not believe his injury is serious after being subbed off against Leverkusen: ⤵️ "It's a bit painful, but I think it's okay." When asked if he feels ready to play in #FCBayern's Champions League match against Aston Villa, Kane replied: ⤵️ "I think so. We'll check, but at the moment it doesn't feel too bad. So we will assess that over the next couple of days."
He chock 😂😂😂
And am feeling sorry for Man U😂
They never see anything
@⁨+ ⁩ @⁨+ ⁩ omo Man U come and explain yourself for us why u lose this match
😂😂
Most chances created at Old Trafford in the Premier League this season: - Dejan Kulusevski - Andreas Pereira - Casemiro - Marcus Rashford - Mason Mount - Alejandro Garnacho The top two don’t even play for Man Utd. 😅
Goals this PL season: — Erling Haaland — Cole Palmer — Man United
🇪🇸Samu Omorodion (, ) Has scored again, and in every Game he’s played for Porto! Goals in Games 💥😮‍💨
🚨 Ten Hag: “I’m not thinking about being sacked, not at all. We all made the decision to stay together”. “Ownership, staff, players, myself. We made the decision from a clear review of what we have to do”. “We knew it would take some time. We are on the same page together”.
E will still score against man united too
You no see say na dream not real life
This should be fun
Samu don score ooo
Man united fans u wan kill Alhaja
Rooney breed na Broiler Ronaldo breed na Ibile
😂😂
As things stand
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ how far
We they ooo
You no see as table fine like this 😂
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ you no dey active again
Make una add more members to the group
It will still stand well by ending of season
Lol You dey help us warm the seat ni, mafo
Abi ooo
We go see now I don tell una before say naw me go win league this season both I and my club 🥶
Ok
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | Fenerbahçe have terminated the contract of Ryan Kent () by mutual agreement. 👋 The forward is now a free agent.
Leicester City are keen on a loan deal for Ben Chilwell to bolster their struggling defence. And the left-back is open to the idea of a move due to his limited playing time at Chelsea.
Only teams across Europe's top leagues have % home wins this season ✅🚀 - Bayern Munich - PSG - AC Milan - Atletico Madrid
Arsenal after seven PL games: / ◎ Goals: ◎ Conceded: ◎ Points: / ◉ Goals: ◉ Conceded: ◉ Points: Identical. 🪞
🚨🇦🇷 Leo Messi: "The end is near and I'm enjoying and valuing every moment as maximum as possible". Argentina and Barcelona are my home. Today I am also in a place where I feel very happy, a new stage in my life", told .
🇦🇷 Leo Messi on playing at the World Cup : "Well, everything happens for a reason in life... now I'm just trying to live day by day". "Now I feel very good, when that period comes we'll see. I don't want to say anything, I'm enjoying everything day by day", told .
🇫🇷🗣️ Pogba on Jose Mourinho: “Our relationship was like boyfriend and girlfriend, we were breaking up and making up all the time.” “It started great, he was one of the reasons I went back to Manchester because I spoke to him and he convinced me to come back.”
🚨Lionel Messi: “Coming to Inter Miami doesn’t mean I’m retiring anytime soon, I still have more years to play.” 🔥
🗣️Messi: “I always try to be at my best, and the step I wanted to take here did not mean a retirement – far from it, We came to continue making this club great …  to help with the growth [and] winning titles.”
Real Madrid have made Trent Alexander-Arnold their priority transfer target. explains how it’s gone before with players #RMCF identified as ‘market opportunities’... a strategy that reflects their changing sense of self.
🇩🇪🗣️ Former Bayern executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on football calendar complaints... "Players and their agents have manoeuvred themselves into this trap, by always demanding high salaries." "They are forcing the clubs to generate more revenues through more games." (Kicker)
🔵🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Kyle Walker: “I understand the English public thinking it should be an English manager... but for me it’s about who is going to get results”. “Tuchel has proven at big clubs he can manage big players… the likes of PSG, Chelsea as he won the UCL against Man City”, told BBC.
⚪️✨ Carlo Ancelotti: “Kylian Mbappé is feeling very good, he's happy and needed these days of rest”. “He's a different player than before the international break, you can see that”.
Man City are unbeaten in their last Premier League games, their joint-longest unbeaten run in the competition. Wolves stand in the way of Pep beating his own record. 🐺
🚨 Juan Castro (MARCA): Lionel Messi’s Inter Miami will play in the FIFA Club World Cup as an invitee for winning the Supporters Shield. It will be made official soon. ✅ Is this is actually true then football is rigged
Nothing like rig there they need money and by making messi play in the competition it will generate them money % They just invite the club to the competition nothing like rig there
This is rigged It’s not just about about the money but Messi
Yes they need him in the competition to generate money 😂😂😂
Since they are not helping them win the competition nothing like rigged there
FIFA is trying to make word cup years to generate more money every years is not rigged Champions league change style by invite many club and make the game more longer to generate money
Saudi is proposing to join champions league they are still deliberating on it not rigged
Just to make it more fun and generate money and make view enjoy they need messi in the competition 😂😂😂😂
Halftime: Fulham - Aston Villa Ipswich - Everton Man Utd - Brentford Newcastle - Brighton Southampton - Leicester
🚨😳 In this moment, Manchester United are currently the LOWEST scorers in the Premier League.
🚨 Manchester United have now played 𝐒𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐍 straight halves of Premier League football without finding the back of the net. ❌ Their last league goal came in mid-September... 😳📉
Worst time to receive red card
Arsenal have picked up more red cards in the opening eight Premier League games of / () than the previous two PL seasons combined (). William Saliba will now miss the game against Liverpool. 👀
' ⚽️ ' ⚽️ ' ⚽️ Harry Kane hat-trick 🎩
Five red cards and several yellow cards today in the premier league. Kudus (West Ham)🟥 Henderson (Fulham) 🟥 Jade Bidace (Aston Villa) 🟥 Fraser (Southampton ) 🟥 Saliba (Arsenal) 🟥 Harsh refereeing or indiscipline
Saka not in squad. Gabriel blank. Raya blank. Johnson blank. Solanke blank. DCL blank. Havertz blank. Saliba red card. FPL, bloody hell.
🚨 𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: Manchester City are the only unbeaten club in the Premier League this season.
🚨🇫🇷 Juventus director Giuntoli confirms it’s over between Paul Pogba and the club. “Pogba was a great player but we have different plans now. We’ve invested on different players and our team is now complete”, Giuntoli says. ⚠️ Pogba will leave Juve as free agent.
Omo fpl spoil today oo
Harry Kane had eight hat tricks in his entire Premier League career. He just scored his sixth Bundesliga hat trick 😳
🚨🌎 OFFICIAL: FIFA president Gianni Infantino has announced that Inter Miami are qualified to Clubs’ World Cup ! Leo Messi and his team will be there. ✨
Brighton have faced Chelsea, Arsenal, Manchester United, Spurs, and Newcastle, losing only to Chelsea. Their new manager is doing a great job.
🗣 Ancelotti: "Jude Bellingham was angry with Vinicius? I didn't notice the gesture. But if he did it it means he has balls. I like it. They were hugging at the end of the game."
Chelsea have banned Liverpool and Manchester United scouts from watching games at Cobham
💙🇧🇷 Neymar Jr returns available after long injury and he’s part of Al Hilal squad today! “Every day away from football it’s pain for me. I love football. It’s the thing I love the most in my life”.
#Chelsea have won just one of their last nine Premier League away games against Liverpool [D, L].
Chelsea have lost only two of their last Premier League games.
BREAKING: Vinicius Jr. will receive his 𝗙𝗜𝗥𝗦𝗧 Ballon d'Or in Paris next Monday. 🇧🇷
Wetin dey occur this game week Wolves don score city goal o
The worst fpl week ever😂💔 I don’t think anyone has points for this game week that’s ending today
🚨 Jamie Vardy is considering his future at Leicester City. He is weighing up whether to retire at the end of the season or take one last pay-day from the Saudi Pro League.
🚨 Dortmund will not train at Santiago Bernabeu the day before the game due to the fear of their tactics being seen.
Mbappé ⚽️
They don commot am oo 😂
🚨🚨| No player has been caught offside more times in a single match than Kylian Mbappé () in Europe’s top leagues this season... 🥅❌
Speedy Werey
Ajee the werey to get speed
Yes ooo
Lewa ⚽️🥶
Lawa ⚽️🥶 -
Yamal ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
So na me be olote 😂💔 Me wey be say na Barcelona be my second team now🥱
How I go dey follow loser
😂😂😂
🚨🚨🚨◉ Youngest player to score for Spain ◉ Youngest player to score in LaLiga ◉ Youngest player to provide a UCL assist ◉ Youngest player to score in the Copa del Rey ◉ Youngest player in EUROs history ◉ Youngest assist provider in EUROs history ◉ Youngest goalscorer at a major tournament ◉ Youngest player to win the EUROs ◉ Youngest YPOTT in EUROs history ◉ Youngest goalscorer in El Clasico history Lamine Yamal breaks records for fun. 👏
Wtf 😂😂
𝐓𝐖𝐎 things that Ronaldo mentioned have been proven correct 𝐓𝐎𝐃𝐀𝐘. ☑️ Ten Hag was the problem. ☑️ The ballon d'or lost its credibility.
Harry Kane 🤝 Kylian Mbappé They're our Gerd Muller Trophy winners ⚽️🎯 Both finished the - season on goals! #trophéeGerdMuller #ballondor
Make he just go back 😂💔💔 Rodri don win am
Rodri in the Premier League in /: ◉ Most accurate passes () ◉ Most final third entries () ◉ Most times poss. won in midfield third () ◉ Best dribble success rate (% - + att.) ◎ nd-highest rated player (.) ◎ goals ◎ assists #BallonDor Someone said: 'Apparently passes get you the balon d'or these days'
Jude Bellingham becomes the first Englishman to be named in the top of the Ballon d'Or since Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard in 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
🗣️ Clarence Seedorf: “I think there are problems between Real Madrid and the UEFA, which affected some things in the results. Vinicius Junior is the one who definitely deserves the award. It's a shame."
🚨 Vinicius Jr after finishing second at the Ballon d’Or: “I'll do it x if I have to. They're not ready”.
🔵❗️ Pep Guardiola: "If Vini would have won the Ballon d'Or, it would have been more than well deserved!". "Like last season with Erling Haaland... and he didn't win!". "Erling was there, he was happy, and congratulate Messi and OK, let's try to do next season!".
🚨 Richarlison has officially submitted a request to not be nominated for any French/Football (Ballon d’Or inc) award in the future, this comes after Vini Jr’s “snub” last night. Solidarity.
🚨 Nike had designed special boots to celebrate Vini Jr's Ballon d'Or win. They had also organised an event in Madrid which the player, people close to him and influencers were due to attend. (Source: )
People close to Real Madrid and Vini Jr. believe he lost the Ballon d’Or because of his fight against systematic racism. (Source: )
🔵🔴 Lamine Yamal: "I hope to win a Ballon d’Or as soon as possible, yes". "It's something I have in mind. I'm going all out to get it!".
African Players' Highest Rankings at the Ballon d'Or Awards George Weah 🇱🇷 - Winner () Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - nd () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - th () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Riyad Mahrez 🇩🇿 - th () Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Samuel Eto'o - th () Didier Drogba - th () Victor Osimhen 🇳🇬 - th () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () FIFA WORLD PLAYER OF THE YEAR AWARD RANKINGS George Weah 🇱🇷 - Winner () George Weah 🇱🇷 - nd () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - rd () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () Nwankwo Kanu 🇳🇬 - th () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th (, ) Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () Abedi Pele 🇬🇭 - th () Tony Yeboah 🇬🇭 - th () Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 - th () Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 - th () THE BEST FIFA MEN'S PLAYER RANKINGS Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - rd (, ) Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - th () Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - th () Victor Osimhen 🇳🇬 - th () Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 - th () Sadio Mane 🇸🇳 - th () Riyad Mahrez 🇩🇿 - th () Achraf Hakimi 🇲🇦 - th ()
💭 Rodri: “I try to say to the kids, you don't need to be crazy… you can be a normal guy”. “Try to do your best. And I would like thank God, because with these values, with this perseverance, at the end it gives you back”.
One more time: The Ballon D'or REALLY doesn't matter. It's just another magazine award. - - Only for European players. - Milito wins the treble, scores goals, scores in every final... not even in the top . Messi wins the Ballon D'or with goals in the World Cup over Iniesta, Xavi and Sneijder because "international football doesn't decide the Ballon D'or winner". - Ronaldo scores goals and leads Real Madrid to the record breaking La Liga title and Euro semifinals with Portugal. Messi wins it with season goals, having only won the Copa Del Rey. So, "La Liga alone doesn't decide the Ballon D'or winner". - Now Ronaldo wins the Ballon D'or with goals, even though Messi scored goals and won La Liga and Ribery won treble with Bayern. This is probably the magazine making up for snubbing Ronaldo in the past. - One of Ronaldo's best seasons. Modrić wins it because of the World Cup. (Ballon D'or then???) - Van Dijk has arguably the greatest ever season by a CB, wins UCL. Messi wins it for winning La Liga alone. (Ballon D'or then???) - Lewandoski is the clear best player in the world, treble winner, historic season. Ballon D'or gets canceled for some reason (???). - Lewandowski is, again, the clear best player in the world. goals and completes the sextuple. Messi wins it despite only winning the Copa Del Rey and scoring goals. He also won the Copa America, a much smaller trophy than the World Cup. (Ballon D'or then???) - Haaland scores goals, breaks every record and wins the treble with Man City. Messi wins the Ballon D'or only because of the World Cup, despite not doing anything noteworthy all season for PSG (Explain Ballon D'or ???). Rodri has the season of his life, finishes th. - Vinicius leads Real Madrid to La Liga and Champions League, scoring in semifinal and final. Rodri wins the Ballon D'or despite having a worse year than and not winning the Champions League. Rodri is probably getting this Ballon D'or because he didn't get one in , so it makes sense for the voters that he gets one now (even though Vinicius probably had more impact). Magazine award, it can't be taken as seriously as some people do. Copied
🔴🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo was initially ordered to train away from the first team at Man United by Erik ten Hag… …but when he tried to enter the dressing room and retrieve a pair of his trainers, he was told by staff he wasn't allowed in, reveals ESPN! 👀 “The stand-off only ended when Ronaldo enlisted an academy player to go into the dressing room for him, with a number of senior players viewing the blanket ban as an unnecessary humiliation”.
🚨👀 Erik ten Hag personally decided to give the shirt number ️⃣ to Mason Mount over Garnacho who wanted it, reports ESPN.
💔 Thoughts and prayers with the people of Valencia after the terrible storm where more than people have lost their lives. La Liga, considering to postpone Valencia vs Real Madrid game — reports
Baba old 😂
old don enter well 😂
Betting mad gan ooo😂😂😂
Arsenal wey Dey always cut game today 😂😂😂
New castles go win na
Even mancity no fit win
Dey play
Ok
Man city to win go hard ooo
Leave am
We wey be football predictor
😂
Go carry corner for man city or Bournemouth
Bournemouth to play corners Man city to play above
Anthony Gordon's nine Premier League home games vs. the 'Big Six' since the start of last season: ⚽ vs. Liverpool ⚽ vs. Arsenal ⚽🅰️ vs. Chelsea ⚽ vs. Man Utd ⚽ vs. Man City ⚽🅰️🅰️ vs. Tottenham ❌ vs. Tottenham ⚽ vs. Man City 🅰️ vs. Arsenal Seven goals, four assists.
Wahala U na just they waste money
Me wey be betting king
Waste money ke
Wahala wa Dey bayii ooo😂😂😂
Loll
Naw everybody go collect this weekend 🤝
Make match finish asap make city and Liverpool lose
King of betting Where are you
We don talk say mancity go chop
@⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ come see 😂
Twale eyin oga mi betting
O ti sumi 😭😭😭
They ply
For me yamal
Ice cold all day🥶
Yamal all day
Show fantasy table ooo I wan see priest and that Man United fan position
No Wahala I be like arsenal now I don shift down for una next week I will bounce back to my position
Bouncing baby niii
n
The table don dey look as it supposed be now
That fresh will still comot
He Dey keep the position warm for me ni
Okay
I don’t think @⁨+ ⁩ is active again @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ what’s up about him???
Naw so my club dey for pl too
I haven’t been in touch with him for a while
Make u na check on him ooo
Okay boss
You dey wine me abi Who wan comot
rd and th position won’t be bad for both of you🥱
I tell you say naw me get the league and naw him be second
This FIFA know they do anything that will favor arsenal
First club world club arsenal never collect them still con add another waiting be this now
Smile🤣
Arsenal fans where are you
Wetin do arsenal oo
Maybe Arsenal can have this in hand
Make them change it to FA cup club world cup
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
If dey change it to FA club world club dem go collect am🤣 I trust Arsenal I know
Anything FA is for arsenal
💯
Why this page use ur cristiano
Atlético scored twice in the final minutes to help Diego Simeone win in his 𝟕𝟎𝟎𝐭𝐡 game in charge at the club. His record: ▫️ wins ▫️ draws ▫️ losses ▫️ clean sheets Won the league twice. Won the Europa League twice. Club legend 🫡
Naw u dey hot
Me keeehhh
In front of you U be Senior
But the league still dey open I’m coming
Yes nahhh
Okay Am waiting
Dis one go still enter
How this one take get mind use Jackson as captain
E sure for him n e delivered also
Andy Robertson: "The penalty I conceded? Kelleher was bored so I thought, why don't I give my friend something to do?"
Caoimhin Kelleher has just become the 𝐅𝐈𝐑𝐒𝐓 goalkeeper ever to save a penalty attempted by Kylian Mbappé in the UEFA Champions League! 🧤
year-old Ángel Di María has now 𝐒𝐔𝐑𝐏𝐀𝐒𝐒𝐄𝐃 Lionel Messi’s Champions League assist tally and is just 𝐎𝐍𝐄 behind Cristiano Ronaldo. 🤯
//, : - + : Chelsea are among the big clubs in the Premier League that are tracking Ipswich Town striker Liam Delap. 🔗 David Ornstein - The Athletic #CFC | #Chelsea 📲
🚨 Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has identified three transfer targets for January: 🇪🇸 Martin Zubimendi 🇩🇪 Florian Wirtz 🇺🇾 Maximiliano Araújo
📊 Chelsea vs Aston Villa | Stats 🔹Chelsea have not beaten Aston Villa in their last three Premier League meetings. And Villa have won their last two league games at Stamford Bridge. 🔹Five of Jackson’s seven Premier League goals this season have put Chelsea - ahead in the match – coming into this weekend’s games, only Chris Wood (six) has scored the opening goal in more different games this term. 🔹 Aston Villa are one of just three sides Palmer has failed to score or assist against in the league since joining the Blues (two appearances), along with Liverpool (two) and Leicester (one). 🔹Just % of Chelsea’s Premier League points this season have come in home games (/), the lowest ratio of any side. 🔹Chelsea have conceded at least once in all six of their Premier League home games this season - they last had a longer wait for a home clean sheet from the start of a league campaign in - (nine games). 🔹Chelsea have more points at this stage of the campaign than in the last two seasons. 🔹Ollie Watkins could become the first visiting player to score three match-winning goals at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League 🔹Chelsea are in danger of going seven consecutive top-flight home matches without a clean sheet from the beginning of a season for the first time since a run of nine in -. 🔹Aston Villa can earn three successive away league wins against Chelsea for only the second time, having done so between and . 🔹Aston Villa are vying to become the first visiting team to keep three top-flight clean sheets in a row at Stamford Bridge since Everton from to . 🔹Aston Villa are winless in seven games in all competitions [D, L]. It's their longest run without a victory under Unai Emery. 🔹Chelsea have yet to score in the opening or closing minutes of any Premier League home game this season. #CFC | #Chelsea | #CheAvl 📲
If Real Madrid win both of their games in hand, Barcelona will drop to nd in the La Liga table. Atlético Madrid will be just points behind Barça as well if they win their one game in hand. The considerable advantage Barça had in La Liga games ago is now gone.
Naw so if no be werey haaland wey dey ment
So u trust Haalland when Salah they do Festival
Like I fuck up saka self dey do festival I still go trust am
Those wey still get Haaland and still cap am no really know how fpl dey work
Abi ooo
I never get Haalland since Last Epl
Me I get am before but I don sell am since
Haaland money too plenty than make he Dey go and more matches without a goal or assist and make person still dey keep am, plus the team is struggling right now You still con dey cap am that period
Make unna no sell am again oo bcos the goal drought is over for him now 🥱 I don talk my own 🚶🚶🚶
Against Forest too e won’t score unless then see penalty
Salah don ahead him in everything
As salah don head himself in everything na struggle remain like that
FA cup
Saka is just goals or assist to complete goals contribution in PL remember he his only 🥶❤️
If all goes well that should be against united
So u mean e will score goals assist or assist goal
Naw so he do am for last match and don’t miss quote me I only said if all goes well 😌
E always go well for Saka against Man united
Make he go well cause I wan make we beat Man U
Na that back I love
Make martinelli shaaa pick that day
There winger go suffer
Make both of them pick martinelli and saka with odegaard we go kill them like that
Yes ooo Partey n Rice Interlock for midfield
That day go be kese kese 🕺😂
See as them dey do analysis on how to them go trash Man U 😂😂😂 Amorim the messiah has come Rashford don pick Fernandez is in form Zirkzee Abi Sexy abi wetin them Dey call am sef Dey para🔥🔥🔥 Arsenal never ready for them
Okay
We talk am Abiii we no talk am
Say wetin
I will beat man united niii
Naw so that one don turn to our birth right since arteta take charge
🚩 FIFA Club World Cup Full Draw: Group A: 🇧🇷 Palmeiras 🇵🇹 Porto 🇪🇬 Al-Ahly 🇺🇸 Inter Miami Group B: 🇫🇷 PSG 🇪🇸 Atletico 🇧🇷 Botafogo 🇺🇸 Seattle Group C: 🇩🇪 Bayern 🇳🇿 Auckland City 🇦🇷 Boca Juniors 🇵🇹 Benfica Group D: 🇧🇷 Flamengo 🇹🇳 Esperance 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chelsea 🇲🇽 León Group E: 🇦🇷 River Plate 🇯🇵 Uwara Red Diamonds 🇲🇽 Monterrey 🇮🇹 Inter Group F: 🇧🇷 Fluminense 🇩🇪 Dortmund 🇰🇷 Ulsan HD 🇿🇦 Mamelodi Sundowns Group G: 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Man City 🇲🇦 Wydad 🇮🇹 Juventus 🇦🇪 Al Ain Group H: 🇪🇸 Real Madrid 🇸🇦 Al Hilal 🇲🇽 Pachuca 🇦🇹 Salzburg
Wow, how come???
Naw Messi influence be that
Just that?
They play …. Messi influence keeee
MLS generally get fans ooo before Messi join them
This man go reach goals
🚨 Pep Guardiola: “I would say to José Mourinho that we are innocent until proven guilty!”. ❗️ “The fact is he has three Premier League titles, I HAVE SIX! This is a fact!”.
🚩 Pep Guardiola's response to Jose Mourinho: “It was a joke. But he’s another on the huge list that wants Man City in League One or Conference.” Source: CityXtra
Almiron go dance kese kese this night 😂😂
🚨 #WHUFC: West Ham United can confirm striker Michail Antonio has today been involved in a road traffic accident. The thoughts & prayers of everyone at the club are with Michail, his family + friends. Club will issue an update in due course
🔵🔴 goals in games all competitions for Robert Lewandowski. goals in La Liga games. 📈🇵🇱
This man no won old again
Them go sack this one before next year 😂
Nice form and partnership
He needs time
I just dey joke the coach naw nice coach
After una don knack am - for head
The coach good Buh that back seeey not in EPL
E will shaaa concede niii
To me I don’t think it’s bcos of the formation, I just feel like he needs the right players that suits his style
That just it
All those Maguire, rashford them must commot
I no know how them still dey keep Rashford till now
Them believe say he go still pick
Oti late 😂
Spurs have lost eight of their past Premier League clashes with #Chelsea, drawing two and winning one. [via ]
This match go hot
Me I go finish them this evening 🥱
They play then go beat u /
"Tottenham are real entertainers, they won’t ever win anything but if you want to be entertained go and watch Spurs." Jamie Carragher
Cole Palmer: "We knew with Arsenal and City drawing that we needed to win and we did." [via ] Cole Palmer on his panenka: "When I stepped back, looked at the clock and thought it was a bit frantic. The keeper was ready to dive so I thought if I chipped it, it would go in.." [via ]
Jamie Carragher: "Cole Palmer is going to go down as one of the greatest players to ever play for #Chelsea if he keeps this up." [via ]
Chelsea dey hot
Na Chelsea hotness I use boil water this night 😂
Una don start with your mouth
Let’s enjoy the moment oo E no easy oo na Man U fans know wetin Dey sup with them now
Keep it up 😂
I tell u bro Man U no fit get peace again
Ah Ah That’s too much nah You fit talk say they’re far from knowing peace 😂💔
What’s the difference 😭
There’s difference nah Me I talk say far from knowing peace but hin talk say Man U can never get peace
That one self dey 😂
Ahh Abeg oo dey chop make u still no con get ulcer on top Man U matter
😂😂
Supporting Man U for tinubu regime olor far oo
I swear 😂
Bukayo Saka has now been directly involved in goals in games across all competitions this season. ◉ goals ◉ assists Mo Salah () is the only Premier League player with more goal involvements across all comps in /. 😅
Bukayo Saka has scored of his Champions League goals against a French club (RC Lens - , PSG - and AS Monaco - ).
Bukayo Saka at the Emirates Stadium in the UCL: ◉ games ◉ goals ◉ assists
*MANCHESTER CITY IN THEIR LAST NINE GAMES* 🏟️: * WIN* ✅ * DRAW* 🫱🏻‍🫲🏻 * LOST* ❌ *_ONLY ONE WIN FOR MANCHESTER CITY SINCE th OF OCTOBER_* 😳
Arsenal have won all SIX of their group stage or knockout matches at home in the Champions League without conceding a single goal.
Jakub Kiwior's game by numbers vs. Monaco: duels won final third entries x possession won / aerial duels won tackles clearance He played an incredible ball for Gabriel Jesus. 😍
Bukayo Saka's game by numbers vs. Monaco: x possession won touches in opp. box duels won shots interceptions tackles shots on target goals assist Involved in all three goals. ⚽️⚽️🅰️ #UCL
Arsenal have won all six home games without conceding in the Champions League group stage/league phase since the start of last season: ◉ - vs. PSV ◉ - vs. Sevilla ◉ - vs. Lens ◉ - vs. PSG ◉ - vs. Shakhtar ◉ - vs. Monaco Perfect. 💯
Only two Premier League players have been directly involved in + goals across all competitions this season. Bukayo Saka () 🤝Mohamed Salah ()
Since the start of November, Manchester City have conceded more goals () across all competitions than any other team from Europe's big five leagues. 🤯 #UCL
//, : - + : 🚨🏆 OFFICIAL: Carabao Cup semi finals. Arsenal 🆚 Newcastle. Tottenham 🆚 Liverpool.
REPORTS: Napoli offices raided by police over Osimhen’s transfer The police have raided at least two offices of Napoli after corruption investigations into the transfer of Victor Osimhen from Lille were launched in both Italy and France.
🚨 Rúben Amorim: “Leaving Rashford out in my view… it was NEVER a mistake”.
⚽️🇪🇸 LaLiga stats leaders: ⚽️ Most Goals Scored: 🇵🇱 Lewandowski: 🎯 Most Assists: 🇪🇸 Lamine Yamal: 🧼 Most Clean Sheets: 🇪🇸 Alex Remiro: 📽️ Shots on Target: 🇫🇷 Kylian Mbappe: 🤯 Big Chances Created: 🇧🇷 Raphinha: 🧤 Save Percentage: 🇪🇸 Alex Remiro: % 😳 Chances Created: 🇧🇷 Raphinha: 💨 Successful Dribbles: 🇪🇸 Lamine Yamal: 🥅 Goals Prevented: 🇪🇸 Joan Garcia: . 🔥🔥🔥 *#ᴘʀɪɴx*
@⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩
@⁨~Francis⁩ I no go forget you too😂
Chelsea have won of the matches away to bottom-half teams this season. The only dropped points were against Man Utd. [chelseafc] #cfc
Paul Pogba’s brother, Sentenced to Three years in €million Extortion and Blackmail case against his brother after Kidnapping him in Paris! The Older brother of Paul Pogba, former Manchester United Midfielder, has been sentenced to a three year jail term, two years suspended, after being convicted of attempting to extort the French footballer. According to Paul Pogba sometime in in the city of Paris he claims to have been kidnapped by his brother and his friends with assault rifles. They dragged him into an apartment and demanded for € million for “Protection Services”. However he pays them €k and lends them his credit card for a mega €k spending spree at Adidas. Despite all this spendings it wasn’t enough for Matthias Pogba as he demanded more. He still insisted on the receiving the €million payment from Paul Pogba and when he realized his brother wouldn’t send the money he decided to blackmail him by releasing a video of with shocking revelations about his Paul Pogba. In the video he claimed Paul paid a witch doctor €million to cast a spell on Kylian Mbappe who is his French teammate and also paid to summon a “Plague of butterflies” at the Euro final. A year later in , Paul’s back at Juve hoping to put the ordeal behind him but he is wrong as his brother and his Cohorts drove from Paris to Juve stadium in attempts to oppress him. Paul had to hide in the training ground till they left. Paul’s life takes another dip as he fails a random drug test and get slapped with an month ban. Juventus rip up his contract, leaving him with plenty of time to focus on the trial of the century. November : Mathias was charged with extortion and Criminal Conspiracy, along with five of his friends. Under questioning, the defendants insists they were forced into the kidnapping by shady “acquaintances” who they are too scared to name. The Alleged ringleader in the kidnapping, Roushdane K, claims he was shot in the hand by these sinister puppeteers, showing a scar as proof. All Six men involved in this case were found guilty. Paul’s brother Mathias has been jailed for a year, while the ringleader Roushdane K, got an year sentence. The brothers were raised by a single mum in the suburbs of Paris. While Paul’s football career flourished his brother wasn’t so lucky. This makes people to believe he was jealous of Paul’s success and when Paul stopped sending money back home he got offended and wanted to bring him down by all means
Nice one 🥲
Any man united here
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
Them plenty
@⁨~Deedat Brown⁩ @⁨~Sammymedia TV⁩ @⁨~⁩ @⁨+ ⁩
Why you tag me 😂 Na jeje I Dey always go oo
Help me convert it like dis
You no be Man.u fan? Abi you wan deny your team 😂
When I tell you say I be Man U fan No let your story be like Ijapa meta own oo
😂😂😂
For the first time in Premier League history, Manchester United will be in the bottom half of the table on Christmas Day. Bah humbug! 😤
Manchester United have taken + shots in consecutive games against PL sides for the first time since April. They have two defeats to show for it. 😳
👑 Liverpool are 𝐝𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐨𝐨𝐭𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐥 right now 🍿 ▪️ st in the Premier League ▪️ st in the Champions League ▪️ In the semis of the Carabao Cup ▪️ On a game winning streak Let Arne Slot cook 👨‍🍳
🔴 Gary Neville; Rashford's absence isn't really a surprise any more. It's something of the NORM. You leave him out for three matches on the bounce, something really is going wrong or has gone wrong. It's not looking great for both Marcus' future at the club or Manchester United keeping him. I suspect it's getting to the point in the journey where there is an inevitable ending.
🚨 𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐎𝐑𝐃: Mo Salah becomes the first player in the Premier League history to reach double figures for goals and assists before Christmas 🇪🇬 ⚽️ Goals 🅰️ Assists 𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐌𝐎, 𝐀𝐓 𝐈𝐓 𝐀𝐆𝐀𝐈𝐍. ❤️🤴🏼
🇸🇪 Emil Krafth is happy to extend his stay at St James’ Park, after settling in the area, and has been offered new terms at Newcastle United, according to Alan Nixon The -year-old has been on Tyneside since and is close to playing games so far. He is due back from injury shortly. Will Krafu sign a contract extension? Will he be back for the League Cup semi-final first leg with Fabian Schär being suspended and us short of options on the right hand side of central defence. #NUFC #NUFCFans #Newcastle Paul | Magpie /
Pep Guardiola at Manchester City has sold: Brahim Diaz to Real Madrid Morgan Rogers to Middlesbrough Cole Palmer to Chelsea Jadon Sancho to Dortmund Romeo Lavia to Southampton Ko Itakura to Gladbach Pedro Porro to Sporting Douglas Luiz to Aston Villa Liam Delap to Ipswich James Trafford to Burnley Aleix Garcia on a free transfer to Leverkusen. The club now has no replacement players and is suffering from a number of absences.
Tottenham's last three home games across all competitions have seen goals scored! ◉ Tottenham - Chelsea ◉ Tottenham - Man Utd ◉ Tottenham - Liverpool 🤯
Trent Alexander-Arnold created chances against Spurs, more than any other player on the pitch. All four were from open play and two of them were big chances. Another top creative performance. 🙌
This will be the st time Liverpool have been top of the English top-flight on Christmas Day; the most of any side. They’ve gone on to win the title in of those previous seasons (%). Checkpoint.
Mo Salah: "Defensively, we have to improve as a team."
. - Tottenham’s Premier League matches under Ange Postecoglou have seen an average of . goals scored per game. Among those to take charge of + games in the competition, this is the highest goals per game rate for any manager. Frenzy.
Jamie Carragher on Salah: “I’d say he’s definitely in the top players to have ever played for Liverpool.”
🚨 Mo Salah when asked about new deal updates: “No, no”. “Records? It’s great to achieve that at such a big club. Wherever I am going to end my career I am happy about it”, told Sky Sports.
📊| Luis Diaz is now just goal away from matching his highest scoring season (PL) at Liverpool. We’re not even halfway through the season. 🇨🇴🔴🔥
Atletico Madrid have scored NINE goals in the th minute or later in LALIGA this season, four of which have been game winners. Their nine goals and four game winners in the th minute or later are both the MOST in Europe's top five leagues this season 🤯 CLUTCH 😤
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Rui Borges has been appointed as the new head coach of Sporting and will debut against Benfica. Sporting will pay a € million to Vitória for the acquisition of coach Rui Borges. (Source: Enoch Arthur)
Disasi is therefore considering leaving in January to get back into top form... Among the interested clubs, Bayer Leverkusen - who could lose Jonathan Tah this winter and are therefore working on a potential replacement - have come to inquire in order to sound out the Frenchman's entourage. {sachatavolieri} #CFC 🔵
Coventry v Plymouth on Boxing Day = Frank Lampard v Wayne Rooney for the first time as managers. 🤝 Who will take the three points? ⚽️
🚨The Saudi Pro League will offer Marcus Rashford a way out of Manchester United. Rashford is on a list of elite Saudi Pro League targets that also includes Liverpool’s Mohamed Salah and Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne. All three are regarded as players who have the right profiles to develop the league and elevate it on the world stage. [JBurtTelegraph]
🇫🇷 Mbappe: goals, assists 🇧🇷 Vinicius: goals, assists 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Jude Bellingham: goals, assists 🇺🇾 Valverde: goals, assists 🇧🇷 Rodrygo: goals, assists 🇲🇦 Brahim Díaz: goals, assists #realmadrid #LaLiga
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (Top ): 🇪🇸 . Rodri 🇧🇷 . Vinicius Jr. 🇳🇴 . Haaland 🇪🇸 . Lamine Yamal 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Bellingham 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Kane 🇦🇷 . Lautaro 🇩🇪 . F. Wirtz 🇪🇸 . Carvajal 🇫🇷 . Mbappe
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (places -): 🇪🇬 . Mo Salah 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Palmer 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Saka 🇪🇸 . Nico Williams 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Foden 🇩🇪 . Kroos 🇪🇸 . Dani Olmo 🇳🇴 . Odegaard 🇩🇪 . Musiala 🇺🇾 . Valverde
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (places -): 🇵🇱 . Lewandowski 🇳🇬 . Lookman 🇦🇷 . E. Martinez 🇩🇪 . Rudiger 🇧🇷 . Raphinha 🇨🇭 . Xhaka 🇦🇷 . Lionel Messi 🇫🇷 . Saliba 🇸🇪 . Gyokeres 🇳🇱 . Van Dijk 🇧🇷 . Rodrygo 🇹🇷 . Calhanoglu 🇪🇸 . Grimaldo 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . D. Rice 🇵🇹 . Ruben Dias 🇧🇪 . De Bruyne 🇨🇴 . Luis Diaz 🇦🇷 . Mac Allister 🇪🇸 . Pedri 🇵🇹 . B. Silva
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (places -): 🇫🇷 . Griezmann 🇵🇹 . C. Ronaldo 🇬🇳 . Guirassy 🇪🇸 . Fabian Ruiz 🇭🇷 . Gvardiol 🇮🇹 . Barella 🇵🇹 . Vitinha 🇺🇦 . Dovbyk 🇬🇪 . Kvaratskhelia 🇧🇷 . Ederson 🇧🇪 . Courtois 🇮🇹 . Bastoni 🇮🇹 . Dimarco 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Watkins 🇦🇷 . Julian Alvarez 🇲🇦 . Hakimi 🇧🇷 . Magalhaes 🇭🇷 . Modric 🇪🇬 . Marmoush 🇰🇷 . Son
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (places -): 🇵🇹 . Leao 🇳🇬 . Boniface 🇵🇹 . B. Fernandes 🇳🇱 . Frimpong 🇩🇪 . Hummels 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . Alexander-Arnold 🇫🇷 . M. Thuram 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 . K. Walker 🇳🇱 . Xavi Simons 🇪🇸 . Morata 🇦🇷 . Di Maria 🇪🇸 . Cucurella 🇫🇷 . J. David 🇳🇬 . Osimhen 🇩🇪 . Tah 🇩🇪 . Kimmich 🇨🇴 . James Rodriguez 🇩🇪 . Havertz 🇧🇷 . Alisson 🇬🇪 . Mamardashvili
🚩 best players in the world , ranked by The Guardian (places -) 🇪🇸 . Cubarsi 🇺🇦 . Lunin 🇦🇷 . Romero 🇳🇱 . Gallop 🇫🇷 . M. Olise 🇪🇸 . David Raya 🇫🇷 . Kounde 🇫🇷 . Barcola 🇫🇷 . Camavinga 🇸🇪 . Isak 🇪🇸 . Simon 🇨🇭 . Kobel 🇷🇸 . Vlahovic 🇧🇷 . Savinho 🇺🇸 . Pulisic 🇫🇷 . Maignan 🇮🇹 . Calafiori 🇷🇸 . Mitrovic 🇩🇪 . Brandt 🇦🇹 . Sabitzer
First leg of relegation play off Team A wins - Second leg Team B - up gets awarded a penalty in the th minutes Team A walks off the pitch Team B awarded - in the second leg Team A wins the playoff
Man City's players to sleep at Etihad Campus training facilities tonight [Christmas night] as they bid to arrest their alarming slide in form. Pep is taking extreme measures. 🤔
Wahala
On top all that naw still beating
🚨 𝘽𝙍𝙀𝘼𝙆𝙄𝙉𝙂: Pep Guardiola is forcing Manchester City’s squad to sleep at their training ground ahead of their Boxing Day clash with Everton. City became the first Premier League club to house their players overnight at their complex. [Daily Mail Sport]
Breaking news: 🚨| Mo Salah is about to sign a new contract with Liverpool that will keep him at Anfield for three more years. ✍️
🚨 Enzo Maresca: "The first - minutes of the second half we conceded too many transitions. We could control the second half much better. Then I think the game was there and unfortunately we conceded in the last minutes." "We can manage the game better. We conceded too many transitions in the second half. Fulham are very good in transition. It is game that we can learn many things from." "No [it wasn't a chance missed]. This is just a game that unfortunately we lost. It is just a matter of recovering energy and try to go again in three days." ﻿ (primevideosport) #CFC | #Chelsea 📲
Man U ati Chelsea omo iya kan naw 😂😂 @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
Yamal at no - what a joke.
Naw wetin we see be that
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ no mind them, all this rating na rubbish.
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ how far wetin dey sup this night
🚨 BREAKING: Marcus Rashford on the BENCH for Manchester United today. Back in the squad, and ready to play if called upon. XI vs Newcastle: Onana, De Ligt, Maguire, Martinez, Dalot, Casemiro, Eriksen, Mazraoui, Amad, Zirkzee, Hojlund
Late comer
Where are this Chelsea fans help me tag them out
How many month coaching ?
This one no fit dey successful as a coach
🔴 - vs. Nottingham Forest 🔴 - vs. Bournemouth 🔴 - vs. Newcastle United Manchester United have lost three league games in a row at Old Trafford for the first time since February . [Opta]
Manchester United have lost five league games in a single calendar month for the first time since September 😳 ❌ - vs Newcastle ❌ - vs Wolves ❌ - vs Bournemouth ❌ - vs Nottingham Forest ❌ - vs Arsenal
Newcastle win four consecutive Premier League games without conceding for the first time since April . 👏
First time Man Utd have lost three consecutive league games at Old Trafford since . First time Man Utd have lost five league games in a calendar month since . First time Man Utd have lost their final league game in consecutive calendar years since & . First time Man Utd will end the turn of a year in as low as th place in the league since .
Newcastle United have won a Premier League game against Manchester United at Old Trafford for just the second time in the competition's history. DLLDDDLLLLDLLLLDLDLWLDLLLLLDLW A result that moves them points ahead of the Red Devils in the table. ⚫⚪
Man United in the Premier League: win in August win in September win in October win in November win in December Menstrual Cycle FC 😅
Ipswich Town have taken points from: ◉ pts from Tottenham ◉ pts from Chelsea ◉ pt from Aston Villa ◉ pt from Man United Always turning up for big games! 🚜
Koyewa mo ooo Gbogbo e tin daru bayi
Wolves forward Matheus Cunha has received a two game ban by the FA for an off field incident after the Ipswich match earlier this month. He’s also got an £, fine.
Players who have entered the free period and can negotiate with any club: 🇵🇹 Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 Joao Moutinho 🇵🇹 Nelson Semedo 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Trent Alexander-Arnold 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Angel Gomes 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Dominic Calvert Lewin 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Kyle Walker-Peters 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Harry Maguire 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Tyrick Mitchell 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Callum Wilson 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Will Hughes 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Eric Dier 🇪🇬 Mohamed Salah 🇨🇦 Alphonso Davies 🇩🇪 Joshua Kimmich 🇩🇪 Leroy Sane 🇩🇪 Jonathan Tah 🇨🇦 Jonathan David 🇰🇷 Heung-Min Son 🇧🇪 Kevin De Bruyne 🇮🇹 Marco Verratti 🇮🇹 Alex Meret 🇮🇹 Jorginho 🇮🇹 Davide Calabria 🇦🇷 Nicolas Otamendi 🇦🇷 Angel Di Maria 🇦🇷 Walter Benitez 🇦🇷 Paulo Dybala 🇧🇷 Wendell 🇧🇷 Neymar Jr 🇪🇸 Ivan Marcano 🇪🇸 Sergio Reguilon 🇪🇸 Adama Traore 🇪🇸 Koke 🇸🇪 Victor Lindelof 🇸🇪 Rooney Bardji 🇳🇱 Virgil van Dijk 🇳🇱 Kenny Tete 🇳🇱 Devin Rench 🇳🇱 Pablo Rosario 🇨🇮 Amad Diallo 🇫🇷 Olivier Boscagli 🇫🇷 Alexandre Lacazette 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Ben Davies 🇨🇲 Frank Anguissa 🇩🇰 Christian Norgaard 🇬🇭 Thomas Partey 🇬🇭 Tariq Lamptey 🇳🇬 Ola Aina 🇭🇷 Mario Basalik 🇵🇱 Nikola Zalewski 🇸🇳 Krepin Diatta 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Kieran Tierney 🇧🇦 Sead Kolasinac 🇬🇦 Mario Lemina 🇲🇿 Reinildo Mandava 🇨🇭 Fabian Schär 🇲🇱 Abdoulaye Doucoure * Important note that there are players who have the option to renew for a year and there are clubs that sometimes do so secretly without an official announcement.
🚨 Michael Owen: “It’s only a MATTER OF TIME before Trent joins Real Madrid… …as the fact that Real Madrid have now made their intentions clear towards signing Trent leads me to believe that it’s GONNA HAPPEN”.
ℹ️ Michael Oliver has been chosen as the referee for Sunday’s clash between Manchester United and Liverpool at Anfield. 👀
🎙️🗣️Nico Williams: "My brother is the reason I'm playing football today, when I was growing up I used to smoke and hang up with g but my brother will always chase those guys away and sometimes even h!t me. I will cry to my mum but she would support my brother. Who knows where I would have ended up today if not my brother's guidance? Today I listened to him more than my mum because he's been guiding me from birth. He's like my father" ("laughs") Brothers life❤️🥰
Nigeria 🇳🇬 # Shot-Stopper ( Goalkeeper ) Stanley Nwabali Sadly Announces The Passing Of His Mother Barely Just Two Months After Losing His Father. May Their Souls Rest In Peace 💔
Barça confirms that the required documents for the registration of Olmo and Pau Victor have been submitted but that administrative obstacles beyond the club's control have delayed the process. As long as the documents have been submitted before the deadline (December ) and everything is in order, La Liga has to accept the registrations. —
Barça insists that the situation of Dani Olmo and Pau Víctor will be sorted out by Friday. —
Barça has told Dani Olmo and Pau Víctor that they will be able to register them by Friday. —
Mumu ppl
🚨⚠️ Bad news for Arsenal as Ethan Nwaneri will be out with muscular injury. “Unfortunately he has picked up an injury and is going to be out for a few weeks”, says Mikel Arteta.
🚨 Sagoe Jr. has ended his loan to Shrewsbury Town early, returning to Arsenal. He made appearances for Shrewsbury including starts.
🚨❗️Chelsea has a sell-on clause of between - percent after selling Marc Guéhi to Crystal Palace in . It is unclear how that clause would be activated if Chelsea are the buying club. () #CFC
🚨🆕️: Chelsea could use Trevoh Chalobah as a makeweight in any deal for Marc Guehi. However, it's understood Crystal Palace would prefer a straight cash agreement for their centre-back. () #CFC
🚨 Juventus are considering allowing Douglas Luiz to leave on loan this month, with an obligation to buy clause inserted. (Source: Sky Sports)
Wetin be this 😂💀
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: Brest vs Paris St Germain
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: AS Monaco vs Benfica.
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: Juventus-PSV Eindhoven.
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: AC Milan vs Feyenoord.
🚨🏆 BREAKING! UCL Playoffs: Manchester City-Real Madrid.
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: Celtic vs Bayern.
City is gone
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: Atalanta vs Club Brugge.
🚨🏆 UCL Playoffs: Sporting vs Borussia Dortmund.
🚨FULL EUROPA LEAGUE DRAW🌟 AFC Ajax vs Royal Union SG. Ferencvaros vs Viktoria Plzen. FC Porto vs AS Roma. AZ Alkmaar vs Galatasaray. Midtjylland vs Real Sociedad. PAOK vs FCSB. FC Twente vs Bodø/Glimt. Fenerbahce vs Anderlecht.
Ruben Amorim's Premier League record since arriving at Manchester United! 🥶 • games • wins • losses • draws
Mohamed Salah is the first player in Premier League history to register + goal involvements in TWO Premier League seasons: ◎ in / ◉ in /  Another day, another unbelievable Mo Salah record. 🤯
🔵🏆 Pep Guardiola: “No one is going to win points, and four-in-a-row in the Premier League”. “It’s not going to happen in my lifetime, I'm sorry!”, told Sky Sports.
🚨 Arne Slot: “No-one saw us as a title contender when we started the season”.
⚪️⚫️⭐️ Premier League goals for Alexander Isak… in games. Machine.
Ademola Lookman has goals and assists in games for Atalanta this season.
🔵✨ Unai Emery: “Rashford has been fantastic, now we want him to be consistent”. “We want to support Mecus. Help him. Try to help him to feel comfortable here. Try to help him get confidence with us, try to be demanding with him”. “He is in this process. We can do it”.
Big six results for Manchester City in the PL this season: ✅ Chelsea - City 🤝 City - Arsenal ❌ City - Tottenham ❌ Liverpool - City ❌ City - Man United ✅ City - Chelsea ❌ Arsenal - City ❌ City - Liverpool Na only Chelsea them use catch breathing space 💔😂
Galatasaray has announced that they will be filing a criminal complaint against Jose Mourinho for his "racist" and "insulting" remarks towards Turkish people. 🗣️🇵🇹 Jose Mourinho: "The (Galatasaray) bench was jumping like monkeys."
🔴⚪️❤️ New Feyenoord coach Robin van Persie: “Wenger congratulated me and wished me good luck. I think that’s beautiful!”. “Wenger is kind of my ‘football dad’. That’s how I see him”
🚨💣💣 Alex Candal: “Leo Messi said these words: I can NOT leave professional football without playing at the NEW CAMP NOU”. 👀
🚨 Arteta: “If you want to win the Premier League then you’ll have to do something special”. “If you want to win the Premier League with the circumstances we have, probably have to do something nobody has done in the history of the Premier League”.
Theo Hernandez is expected to be sold by AC Milan this summer.👋🇫🇷 The Frenchman is asking for too much money in contract talks, and his recent performances haven't been good. (Source: )
//, : - + : *My Husband Always Beat Me Anytime Man Utd Lose Match – Actress Victoria*
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ I thought you said you’re winning the league this season
So if Man U relegate her husband go kill her be that 😂
Imagine the kain beating she go don chop just this season alone
😂
Yes We are
Champions league abi🥱
Premier n champions league
Let wait n see
🚨👀 Sir Jim Ratcliffe: "There WILL be a budget for Amorim this summer. I'm not going to disclose it". "Of course, that budget changes depending on who he might decide to sell because that would supplement the budget", told Sky Sports.
🚨 Sir Jim Ratcliffe: "We gave Erik ten Hag the benefit of the doubt. It was the wrong decision. It was an error", told BBC. "I think there was some mitigating circumstances in having made that decision but at the end of the day it was the wrong decision, so hands up".
🚨🗣️ - Sir Jim Ratcliffe on staff cuts: "We found we even had a body language consultant earning £, a year."
Baba don they suffer
BREAKING: Manchester United are set to build a new , seater stadium, which will become the largest in the UK 🚨🏟️
Iya nanii gbogbo eeee Ati ati Iya naniii
💔 Boniface’s Fiancée Calls Off Wedding Over Prenup Drama Bayer Leverkusen striker Victor Boniface was set to marry Norwegian Rikke Ermine, but the wedding was called off after a major disagreement. Ermine insisted on a no-prenup marriage, ensuring that in case of a divorce, everything would be split /. Boniface had no objections — because legally, he owns nothing. All his assets are registered under his mother’s name. Upon realizing this, Ermine backed out and ended their four-year relationship. I ain't say she is a gold digger.... but
Liverpool out of the champions league
Naw so
PSG advanced
Reporter: Liverpool have never lost a Champions league tie after winning the first. Luis Enrique: Well this is going to be the first time then. 👀 And he delivered 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Naw so
PSG tried for real
Them dey play
See that mendes ehn he put salah for pocket like this
Salah No even shine
PSG do the assignment well.... Then no sey na Salah is there first priority
Even the midfield self then no even bother about it
Naw so
Naw mendes they just use man mark am
And then no sey Liverpool defenders can stop there attackers
Naw so
They have technical players in the middle not runners like Liverpool Even the first leg they played them all through
Yap
Them say touch dey hear eyin fans mii
The Daily Mirror are reporting Man United could swap Rasmus Hojlund with Napoli's Victor Osimhen in the summer transfer window 🔴
🚨 Romario: "We are going to play against Argentina, our biggest rival. Now, thank God, without Messi, will we beat them? - Raphinha: "We will beat them, no doubt. On and off the pitch." Romario: "Are you going to score a goal?" - Raphinha: "Yes." Romario: "F*ck them?" - Raphinha: ‘"F*ck them."
Rodrygo: "You are very bad." Paredes: "I have World Cup and Copa America's, you have zero." 🥶🥶
🚨 Leandro Paredes: "You shouldn’t talk beforehand, especially when you can’t back it up on the field afterward. As soon as he [Raphinha] said that, we sent it to the WhatsApp group." "We always do our talking on the field.”
🚨👏 Lionel Scaloni: “I forgive Raphinha because I know he didn’t do it on purpose, he’s defending his country. I’m completely sure he didn’t mean to hurt anyone.” "There’s no need for statements for the game to be played this way. We didn’t play like this because of that."
📉🇧🇷 Vinicius Jr: “We played very badly and Argentina played an excellent game in front of their fans”.
🚨⚠️ BREAKING: Alphonso Davies has torn his ACL, reports BILD — his season is over as he will be out for months.
🚨The winners of FIFA Club World Cup will earn up to $million (£m) in prize money – the biggest given for a football tournament over a seven-game format.
"Are you Tottenham in disguise" Arsenal fans singing in a Champions league quater finals which they lead Real Madrid by - in the mins Fiorentino Perez should sue, this is a very big insult 😂😂😂😂😂💔
Imagine arsenal Dey mock Madrid 😂😂😂
😂
This life na turn by turn
🚨 Arsenal’s win guarantees the Premier League will have five teams in the Champions League next season. []
Because of champe abiii
Mouth go start now 😂
Trophiless team
😂
Debtors team Barcelona
😂😂😂
Let wait for second leg
You are not 💯 % qualify you self you know
Ok
Fewest xG conceded among teams still in the #UCL this season: ◉ . - Arsenal ◉ . - Aston Villa ◎ . - PSG ◎ . - Inter ◎ . - Bayern Munich The two English sides lead the way. 🧱
Ronaldinho on PSG's Ousmane Dembélé (): "He has a bit of a Brazilian style. He throws you off balance, he is inventive, he provokes, he is often unreadable, and he scores lot of goals, too." (L'Éq) getfootballnewsfrance.com//ronaldinh…
🗣️ Declan Rice: “Martin [Ødegaard] said to cross, and I said to Bukayo [Saka], ‘it doesn’t make sense to cross!’ - and he said ‘if you feel it, hit it’!”
@⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ @⁨~Francis⁩ How market 😂💔
@⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ Make Arsenal just follow Barcelona tonight
Ko possible
Me go enter final tonight
This season could be Arsenal best season in a long time and also could be worse Arsenal is just point away from Mancity, which is sitting at the rd on the table and point away from New castle and Chelsea which both are in th and th position
So ?
That mean we might not qualify for championship league be that right ?
Things could change oo Out of champions league and still not make top 😂
Anything fit sup😂
Okay .....
Your upcoming fixtures in the league is Liverpool, New castle and Southampton What am trying to say is you cannot afford to loose any premier league match at this point again
Why are telling them
Let them lose now🤣🤣🤣
It’s just crazy how their best season may also turn to their worst season
Let lose it ..... Na my team ..... Anything that comes way we accept it 💯
Make u too shaa try to win ur next EPL .... Make u na no put more mind on Conference becaue Betis they hot
Anything can Xup So that's why we call am Football ⚽️
Chelsea are currently in shambles, we fans sef know that 😂💔
💯
Kole possible
If Man united win the Europa league that means their worst season is far better than Arsenal’s best season Wow That’s some crazy shit
Make una join this group no dey active again this one naw for who get mind violence full ground banter dey 😂😂 Messages are generated by AI. Some may be inaccurate or inappropriate. *Learn more*
@⁨Meta AI⁩ tag everyone to join I no get strength 😂
, let's go! 😂 You're running on fumes, eh? What's draining your energy?
Erling Haaland ● games ● goals ● assists ●UCL ●Premier League ●FA Cup ●Super Cup ● PL golden boot ●UCL golden boot ● European gold shoe ●PFA player of the season ● Young POTS Guess what? He didn't win the Balon D'or and you guys defended it!
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ join let cause violence
Join already
Oya now
Yammal can't dribble Cucurella right ? @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
People forgot going past a defender or dribbling a defender doesn’t mean the player is good and the defender is bad. A player being dribbled is inevitable especially if you’re a defender and a fullback Mbape couldn’t dribble Axel Tuanzebe when Man United faced PSG few years back but we all know Axel Tuanzebe is not a solid defender.
Dan James could skip past a player but that dude is just an average baller, same goes for Martinelli and many more, but people be hyping dribbling like it's some achievement - something likes of Dinho, Zizu etc did for fun in their time.
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ hypocrite! Now they believe Yamal should win it, make them just rest abeg.
Omo
I don join am
Anybody fit dribble anybody o Even great defenders are dribbled, who Cucurella con be
🎯
Below average sef abeg😂
He’s a serious contender o That boy na better baller o considering his age and performing at that high level Omoh when you’re good you’re good o
If anyone should win it….. it should be either raphina or salah
Or dembele too cause he dey Champe
I also really want Salah to win it but if we’re being honest here, Salah later fell short Yes, Raphinha and Dembele are also serious contender
There is no felling short from salah come to think of it salah won the pl so raphina non of them is in the champions league so both have equal chances
Salah as good goal contribution than raphina
See what I’m talking about
This is very funny
Very very funny cause both of them are nearly the same
To be honest we all know Salah is way ahead of Raphinha Salah has been consistent for years now but this is just raphinha hottest season if we’re being honest
I’m only seeing PR here Raphinha has the PR
Even i will choose Harry Kane over raphinha
To dey type dey tire me, make I use voicenote 😂
Salah has been consistent for years no doubt but let me tell you one bitter truth, If it’s not Messi or Ronaldo,being consistent for years doesn’t really matter anymore
Funny truth dey can’t give yamal because of his age
No be inter dey top for there side naw Napoli
Naw why I no mention Martinez but if inter eventually win Champe and there league naw Martinez get am
Yamal for balon’dor
Cause they rob him the last one dey did
Have you ever seen where they give year old balon d or even them Messi self no collect am at that age
They are going to give him a different award which is the young player all this yasin trophy
Inter is not top the league
Golden boy
@⁨Meta AI⁩ inter Milan striker Martinez stat and achievement last season
Lautaro Martínez had an impressive last season with Inter Milan. Here are some of his stats and achievements: - *Goals*: Martínez scored goals in the - season, making him the top scorer in Serie A, known as the Capocannoniere award. - *Awards*: - *Serie A Most Valuable Player*: Martínez won this award for the - season, recognizing his outstanding performance. - *Serie A Team of the Season*: He was part of the Serie A Team of the Season for -. - *Golden Foot*: Martínez received the Golden Foot award in . - *Team Achievements*: - *Serie A Title*: Inter Milan won the - Serie A title with Martínez playing a crucial role. - *Coppa Italia*: Inter Milan also won the - Coppa Italia, and Martínez scored a brace in the final against Fiorentina. - *UEFA Champions League*: Martínez helped Inter Milan reach the UEFA Champions League final and scored the only goal in the semi-final against Milan. - *Other notable performances*: - Martínez became the first player in Serie A history to score goals as a substitute in a single match. - He scored his th Serie A goal in a - win against Lecce. - Martínez netted his first Champions League hat-trick in a - victory over Monaco ¹.
and he still no dey top of last year balon d or
Messi at no fit collect balon’dor The caliber of players wey dey compete for am then Messi no fit and moreover Messi at na appearance he dey get if am not mistaken It’s like you guys don’t know insane it is for Yamal to be performing at that level with his age
Shey na only me dey see this thing ni
Straight into the national team at the age of
And he became a regular starter for both club and country at the age of
Have you seen dele Ali when he was young that time he won the golden boy and go check every other golden boy winner they have also been there the main thing is consistency my bro
I’m not saying he his not performing no what I’m saying is that it’s not something new
Dele Ali😂 C’mon nah
Ahhh
@⁨Meta AI⁩ dele Ali stat and achievements when he won the golden boy award
It seems like there might be some confusion. Dele Alli hasn't won the Golden Boy award. The Golden Boy award is given annually to the best young player in European football, and past winners include ¹: - *Recent Winners:* - *:* Lamine Yamal (Barcelona) - years and days old - *:* Jude Bellingham (Real Madrid) - years and days old - *:* Gavi (Barcelona) - years and days old - *:* Pedri (Barcelona) - years and days old - *Other notable winners:* - *:* Raheem Sterling (Liverpool) - years and days old - *:* Lionel Messi (Barcelona) - years and days old If you're looking for Dele Alli's stats and achievements, I'd be happy to provide those ².
Sorry no be alli
Go check Messi years
Yamal is already balling at the age of that’s crazy
He changes the whole narrative about football
Yamal balling now is because of say naw modern football
You know the kind defender them Messi and Ronaldo face during there own time
Then why is every other years not performing at the same level ??? When you’re good, you’re good
I’m not disagreeing that he his balling but this thing naw consistency
@⁨Meta AI⁩ how many goals and assists does yamal as so far this season
Lamine Yamal's current season stats aren't readily available on FootyStats without logging in. However, I can suggest some alternatives to find the information you're looking for ¹: - *Check Latest Sports News*: Websites like ESPN, BBC Sport, or Sports Illustrated often have up-to-date stats and news on football players. - *Official Club Website*: You can visit Barcelona's official website, as Yamal currently plays for the club, to find his stats. - *Football Statistics Websites*: Sites like SofaScore, Whoscored, or Transfermarkt provide detailed player statistics. If you need more information on how to access these stats or want to know more about Yamal's career, feel free to ask.
Wetin special about him naw say he sabi dribble
And that not new aje all this we are seeing don sup wella for football
😂😂😂
Saka best season, how many goals hin get??
How many goals so far for yamal
And is Saka not special?
Everyone is special in there own ways
E reach Saka you talk say every player is special in their own way
But Yamal nothing special about him than dribble
No be by say saka
I no need to follow you argue again
He dey consistent
Saka is not consistent if that’s what you want hear😂
The numbers are there to prove it go make ur research
No be by Cho Cho he dey show workings
Saka best season how many goals hin get?
You be Chelsea fan Abi ur greatest player naw hazard he no get PL goals for Chelsea so that means say he no good abi
You’re telling me he his not consistent the numbers are increasing every fucking season if no be injury wey hold him down this season
and mind u the first seasons naw left/right back he dey play
First of all our greatest player is not Hazard Hazard is more of an entertainer and that’s why I’ll always pick Salah ahead of him bcos he’s more productive than him
So who be ur greatest player
His best season naw goals he get which is hazard
As good as he his no be by goals naw wetin me I dey try tell you be that all this wey yamal dey do is great but nothing new
You’re the one changing this whole topic You’re the one that first ask how many goals Yamal has when I said he’s special then I made mention of Saka if it’s by goals you want to be judging it,which is arguably your best player
And you’re showing this person wey write this self them suppose jail am
When Messi was at that age you know the caliber of players he dey play with
But na you still con talk this again Stay one place and let’s know what we’re arguing about
And besides Messi did it for over many years consistently yamal he fit be say naw this season he go shine make he kpia next season 😂
😂😂😂
I’m still sticking with what I’m say consistency lo matter that all
I wasn’t comparing him to Messi Messi is way ahead of him, but at his age and what he’s doing Yamal is special
See Palmer for example see how Palmer dey shine last season with those numbers and everything but now his stat is also fair enough this season but will u compare it to last season naw wetin I dey try explain be that nothing new consistency lo matter
No argument special for now make he sha dey consistent
See foden wey win PFA player of the season where he dey now consistency bro
Be like una dey quick forget say normally ,,years players before still dey develop but for Yamal he don develop an the age of
See yamal never develop he is just having a great season that all make he just get injured and miss out for like months let see if he can keep up
See me I like yamal Ajee but comparing him to the likes of Messi and Ronaldo naw wetin me I hate
Comparing him to salah
Ppl get mind oo
As per say foden no good again self yamal never achieve wetin he don get
Chelsea is having a very rough spell and it’s also affecting his game as well, Palmer is a flop this season and he has league goals already, goal away from Saka best season I no wan talk too much
You’re starting to sound like a hater o
Nobody is comparing him to Messi
We can’t even comparing with Salah sef
You’re having a rough spell or your team is not consistent enough abi una don forget say u don seat for that second position before u slack off
Make we end this conversation Abeg I no dey argue again
You don go to X and see wetin delusional fans are saying
Lol You sha wan force me to talk be like you don’t forget say na Arsenal you dey support o 😂
I no dey hate on him but them Messi and Ronaldo as been there injured for months and still bounce back that called consistency
Arsenal fan telling me my team is not consistent 😂😂😂
Talk oo no be they mouth una no dey consistent nii
Joke of the century 😂
No be all of us start this season together and the previous one Abi no be all of us wan win PL
But base on say arsenal was so close and still fighting for the league naw why una dey always talk but wetin do the rest of the team wey no dey compete naw all of us sha start the league together
As Man u worse reach I go still prefer to support them than Arsenal bcos atleast we go dey collect something even in our worst season unlike your team
Una no get shame walai maybe that’s what it takes to be an Arsenal fan😂
Una two con dey argue ontop people wey fit afford PJ You guys should stop this conversation please
Peele o why u no support ur own team abi when last u don smell trophy last
That’s the fun of football
Mk una leave arsenal fan. You just have to loose your shame to be an arsenal fan
Someone cannot have shame and still come out to argue about that poor team. If dem dey talk or argue Mk Arsenal dey stay out of the conversation
Una arsenal legend wey be Henry sef nah Barca still Mk am lift better trophy
Baba don lift emirate tire
😂😂😂😂
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ no worry Una team time too go come Just keep saying we’ll win a major trophy next season as you always say
The worst part be say hin talk say na them go win the PL and champions league this season 😂
We go again 🥹
Next season naw treble 💪
Bobo shut up Arsenal is bigger than Chelsea in England but
I just love your spirit
That what it takes to be a true fan
😂😂😂
Being shameless 😂
If no be for European trophies who be Chelsea wey Arsenal dey
Ever since you started supporting Arsenal you’ve never experienced Arsenal lifting a major trophy
Ever since we all started watching football, Chelsea is more successful than all the team y’all support Oya go kill una self
Mo parare oo
Wetin una dey talk Wetin concern me concern titles them win when I never start dey watch ball
Kinni Arsenal go sit down You no dey talk
Bobo na the fact be that
Fact or no fact, na you know that one Ever since we all started watching this game called football Chelsea is more successful than the team y’all support in England
I talk am again with full chest
😂😂😂
We no be giant of Africa kankan 😂😂😂
😂😂😂
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: Raul Asencio is prosecuted for sharing s*xual images of two women, one of them being a minor. The judge has opened a trial against Asencio and the other implicated former Real Madrid academy players. The recording and distributing of the sex videos took place on the th of June, . One of the girls was only years old, with the suspects including Raúl Asencio being and years old. As of today, the girl suffers from post-traumatic stress resulting from what happened. (Source: )
🚨 “Rodrygo is a new name I am hearing, there’s nothing advanced between Chelsea and Real Madrid at this point but I can say that Real are willing to let him go and Chelsea are aware of this market opportunity, as are Liverpool and Arsenal” Ben Jacobs - talkSPORT
Bournemouth and Real Madrid have this evening agreed in principle payment terms for Dean Huijsen’s £m clause. Huijsen already has a contract offer from Madrid and the parties are finalising terms. Huijsen is expected to move to Real in time to play at the Club World Cup.
Me wey don take everything as cruise already 😂 I just wan dey vex all of una ni😂
Galatasaray fans have launched a campaign to convince Victor Osimhen to stay at the club. He is the Top Scorer in the Turkish Super Lig with goals, assists in games. Thousands of Galatasaray fans are tweeting with the hashtag, #StayWithUsOsimhen
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ No doubt he's a contender (top ) but winning it is a NO. The season (last season if am not mistaken) Lautaro Martinez won it all including the Finalissima except for the UCL, bro wasn't even in the top .
No one is a guaranteed winner, remember it’s a vote and favoritism, politics is involved Saying Yamal can’t win it just don’t sit-well with me
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩You want to erase history because you are chelsea,
Man city is bigger than you
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ bro, we all know it's vote etc but Yamal winning ahead of those who deserve it more is a NO. It doesn't have to sit well with you - it's the fact
Am not erasing history I said when I started watching ball
No man city fan here
I be man city fan
Can you kindly list your top
How Barca fan turn Man city fan all of a sudden
When you started watching but we will erase beofre you started watching
You know as e Dey go na
There’s nothing like a fact here It’s just your opinion
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ Dembele, Raphinha, Yamal, Salah
Am a Barcelona fan but yamal winning that ballon dor is disrespect to kind of salah and co you forget consistency they are way bellow Salah
Yamal is among your top but it is not possible for him to win it bcos??? He’s not liable to be voted for? He’s too young? He doesn’t deserves it but worth to be nomited???
This is what I’ve seen that’s close to honesty Y’all don’t want him to win it not bcos he doesn’t deserve it but bcos he’s too young
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ Baba, you be Barce fan so i understand your sentiment. It has nothing to do with him being too young. How old was CR when he finished second behind Kaka. No doubt Yamal has been fantastic this season but if we're being genuine and not sentimental or bias, there's no way he's winning it ahead of Dembele or Raphinha who have spearhead headed both teams attacks in terms of goals and assists and not only that, their performance and how they've impacted every games they've played in.
Me Barca fan 😂😂😂😂
Awa Omo buulu 😂
The season Haaland won it all, y'all said he only scored goals but didn't impact the game. Vini & Belli won it all, y'all said they weren't decisive in games to win it. But when it comes to Yamal there's an exception.
You fit don swap team like some people wey we know 😄
E ku ipalemo Betis o
Betis go beat them na sure
First of all, when it comes to football know myself very well that being sentimental is not my thing, If you asked me who is winning the Balon’dor sometime back I would proudly say Salah, I think I’ve even said it here before but as it stands for me oo am tipping Yamal ahead of others now Am not saying Yamal is definitely gonna win it, no one is guaranteed winning it but y’all saying Yamal can’t just win it is something i refuse to accept As far as he can make it to top , he can
If you’re here you’ll know I said he was robbed off We all know the influence of Messi and Ronaldo, once they make it to the top it’s between them
Eyin na eku ipalemo Tottenham oo You know how Tottenham don wipe you front and back this season already
Wetin una go talk before 😂
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ well you tipping him to win it is your personal opinion, so i got no issues with that. However, i still stand by him not winning it ahead of the others.
times this season, the th time won't repeat itself. 💯 @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
Thank you 🤝
With wetin una play from QF enter SF, walahi Betis go wipe una if na like that them go play for Final
Naso Madrid talk Barca still wipe them again for the th time this season
We no be Madrid na. Plus we have consistently turn up in Europe this season. We just need to play low block and play with desire to win it
It’s just crazy how y’all believe Chelsea will lose that final to Betis walai
I'm not authoritatively saying Chelsea will lose. However, if Chelsea play the same way they had played in both legs of the QF and SF against Betis in the Finals, there's a % tendency for Chelsea to lose the game
That one na my pikin but chelsea will lose to betis
Na ball you Dey play so
Well, it’s your team I didn’t expect you to say otherwise If you strongly believe you’ll win a team that’s already won you times this season, what’s there for me to say again
When you rewatch your QF and SF games, you'll realize that one of the reason those team lost was because they weren't clinical in front of goal and they made simple mistakes in their own defence, costing them the games. It's not like Chelsea played some fantastic football @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
This is final we’re talking about
We have been horrible in the league, even before we sign Ruben. But one thing that's not a lie is that we've been fantastic in Europe. Grinding out the results even when it seems like it's against all odds
Na our second team we even use play reach final
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ honestly, if i wasn't convinced enough, i wouldn't be this bold to say it. I have being saying this even before we got to the knockout stages that we're entering the finals and winning it
Na mumu team you Dey play before that why you reach final
I'm aware and that's why i said "If" y'all play like that, Betis has a good chance to win the game
Na your team na wetin you go talk be that Naso Tottenham fan go talk say them go win you
Second or not bro, y'all shouldn't play like that else y'all will get punished for it
Lmao 😂 fishermen team
If am to say a who’s winning between you too I’ll definitely tip united above Spurs cause when it comes to playing final that name alone is winnning it
Baba no worries, o de tan
Hmm, hypeman, no hype us abeg
Playing Betis no dey worry me walai bcos I know we’ll win them
I no dey hype you Deep down I want you to lose it so that the banter go sweet but I know Tottenham winning it no sure
Koburu, We'll be watching
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ we know una be Frenemies but God no go shame us
That’s nothing to hide Naso you too you be, when it comes to football we be enemies Anytime Man.u lose, there’s this joy and satisfaction that comes with it for me
No worries, next week don come for both of us.
🤝
😂😂
Crystal Palace FA cup champions They’ll be playing Europa league next season
The unbelievable just dey happen this season
Next real Betis to win and then TOT
Omo they try
So I still they do first shaaa
Naw u dey hot
I go soon overtake this omo Chelsea wey dey
Walahiii A no they do the fpl again...a no do anything since match or
Mesef no dey do am again jawe
That thing just tire me
Dey play I just need to go check it and do some amendments, Lobatan No be you go overtake me
🚨 Manchester United have reportedly made an offer of over £m for Bryan Mbeumo, who has a year left on his Brentford contract. 🤔 Out of , what are Man Utd's chances of signing the forward?
🚨🔵 Manchester City have currently left the negotiations for Florian Wirtz. Talks were never advanced or at final stages, just initial approaches but City believe full package is too expensive, as reports. 👀 Morgan Gibbs-White remains on Man City shortlist.
OFFICIAL: / clubs have secured their place in the / Champions League: 🇪🇸 Real Madrid 🇩🇪 Bayern Munich 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Liverpool 🇫🇷 PSG 🇮🇹 Inter 🇩🇪 Borussia Dortmund 🇪🇸 Barcelona 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Arsenal 🇩🇪 Bayer Leverkusen 🇪🇸 Atlético Madrid 🇮🇹 Atalanta 🇪🇸 VILLARREAL 🇩🇪 Eintracht Frankfurt 🇳🇱 PSV 🇳🇱 Ajax 🇮🇹 Napoli 🇵🇹 Sporting CP 🇬🇷 Olympiacos 🇨🇿 Slavia Praha 🇫🇷 Marseille 🇫🇷 AS Monaco 🇹🇷 Galatasaray 🇪🇸 Athletic Club ⏳ clubs yet to be confirmed!
🚨 Arne Slot: “I think we can find one or two extra weapons that this team doesn’t have”. “Maybe by using the transfer market. That will only make us stronger. That is what we need because we saw City spending £ million in January transfer window. All of them will”.
🚨 EXCL: Manchester United are now closing in on Matheus Cunha deal! 💣 The Brazilian has accepted the project as agreement on personal terms is now being finalised, almost done. Final details to sort between all parties involved… and then, here we go. 🇧🇷
🚨 Understand Liverpool have contacted Bournemouth for Milos Kerkez deal with talks now advancing! Liverpool are also completing the agreement on personal terms with Kerkez, keen on the move. Negotiations underway between clubs on transfer fee.
Till then
🗣 Morgan Gibbs-White: “We’ll plan this week how we’re going to go into the game [against Chelsea] but we’ll be fighting.”
🚨 Declan Rice: “Hopefully we strengthen in the summer, we sign more players, because we’re probably going to lose a few”. “With the team we’ve got, with the manager we’ve got, we need to be competing for titles. Next year, we’ll be back”, told Sky Sports.
Make Arsenal just get this guy
Una go don know team wey serious My own team na one years old with potential them go dey find up and down 😂
So Chelsea no need him?
We know what we need ... No be you go tell us what we need
My team no serious ni Chelsea fit dey talk say na k wages them wan dey give am
U they wages nahh.... He no collect reach k for Sporting nahh
Pay**
So u v give him k self 😁😁
When other clubs go ready to pay am above nko
Buh u get striker shaaaa... Jackson
Make we give you for free
To play for Under right ?
Anything you like do with am, make e sha comot for my team
Loll
E get goals pass my players nahh...and he also help u in some crucial stages
Na why I wan make he come Arsenal too to help you in crucial stages
I be very good person
How many goals he get self
league goals
Ofesofo
Who is this one
Why curse
Nah just cruise bro, no carry Wetin dey do you come here jaree
Bro na you something Dey do I have never see the kind curse cruise in this group before carry this your cruise go front
😂 you just take everything personal ni
Leave ukay make e reply me nah, you just dey challenge me ni lol Shey nah me be the challenges wey you dey face?
Talk wetin you fit use your head carry
That’s not cruise No one has ever made banter here with curse
Oya sorry
But i don’t mean am just playing around. @⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ just joking we be man nah but so sorry that’s me
E don go like that I understand being a man.u fan right now can be frustrating
This one na alakala 😂
😂 you no get sense
You wan mk I cry
No let arsenal fan dey enter us nah. We wey leave EPL for you
Wait till Spurs use una collect Europa league first
You wey talk am say nah Man United you wan Mk e win
🤐
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ where this guy go nah, Odun
This is real we shall see
Wetin be my own with man.u How I go want make United win, abi ke ja danu
Tottenham to win their first league title and betis will kill Chelsea
Person wey we beat - 🥱
Odun dey he no dey inform
Confirmed: Anthony Taylor will take charge of #Chelsea's Premier League clash against Nottingham Forest. VAR: Peter Bankes
Insha Allah
You see as all United fans here no talk, them just wan show workings and leave chochocho
But that one no concern us them go still chop am
#TeamTottenham all the way
Ajee seh
Team Betis All the way
Them don wipe them three times this season already Make them just add this one more to it, Lobatan
🚶‍♂️🚶‍♂️🚶‍♂️
💯
Final yato
Na why Chelsea too go wipe Betis 🥱
Ok
😂
Man yoo
Tottenham con beat them times this season
Up Red Devil
Tottenham beat them times in a roll,back to back beating,this is too much
Omoh van de ven save madd ooo🤣🤗🙊
🚨 Rúben Amorim: “I will not quit. I am confident in my job and I will not change anything”. “If the board or fans feel that I’m not the right guy, I will go the next day without any conversation about compensation… but I will NOT quit”.
🗣️ Alejandro Garnacho: “The season was CRAP, we didn’t beat anyone in the league truly. Until I reached the final I played every round and helped the team, AND TO PLAY MINUTES TODAY… I DON’T KNOW. I'll enjoy the summer and then we'll see."
This one will still go Napoli
🚨🇪🇸 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | La Liga have moved Real Betis' fixture against Valencia forward by hours. 🗓️ Was originally going to be played Sunday, but now they'll play on Friday to allow Real Betis maximum preparation time for their Conference League final vs Chelsea.
André Onana has lost / of the European finals he has played in... ❌ Loss to Manchester United in Europa League final ❌ Loss to Manchester City in Champions League final ❌ Loss to Tottenham in Europa League final
🚨 Bruno Fernandes: “My point of view has never been the financial side”. “If I want to go for a financial side I will always have the option to go, but that’s not the thing. What I want is to win trophies and be involved in the best competitions”.
🚨James Maddison:
Abeg I wan ask a question o If man utd score against Aston Villa on Sunday, Shey them go jubilate??
Why not
🇮🇹🏆 The winner of the Serie A title will be decided TODAY... 🔥 Reminder: Napoli just point ahead. All they have to do is match Inter's result to win the title. Napoli's fixture: Cagliari (H) Inter's fixture: Como (A)
🚨 OFFICIAL: Mohamed Salah was elected Player of the Season in the Premier League by the FWA. 🌟 🇪🇬 He received % of the votes. 👏 🎖️ 🎖️ 🎖️ The Egyptian is the second player in history to win it three times. Can you name the first player? 🤔
🇧🇷🪄 Raphinha's / season for Barcelona... • appearances • goals • assists • trophies won Now the Brazilian forward has signed a new contract until ! ✍️🔵🔴
🚨 OFFICIAL: Liverpool, Arsenal, Man City, Chelsea and Newcastle are qualified to Champions League! 🏆 Tottenham will also play Champions League after winning the UEL despite finishing th in Premier League.
🚨🔵 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 | Antonio Conte and Napoli could part ways! ⛔️👋 Napoli's main target for a replacement is Massimiliano Allegri, reports .
BREAKING: Mohamed Salah has won the golden boot and playmaker award in the same season for the nd time. 🏆
Tottenham lost matches across all competitions in /, their joint-most ever in a single campaign (also in /). Premier League defeats is also the most suffered by a side without getting relegated. Mate. 🫨
Bro should come to United 😞
E si fe pana Ogo re
Mk e first sup first
Loll
Real Betis😂
Opor
Una don win e jaye lor
Good evening gbogbo ile ooo Special announcement and it’s not football related
They never see anything 😂 them go hear am tire
Florian Wirtz will earn around €M-a-year at Liverpool, plus possible bonuses. That works out at over €,-a-week, BEFORE bonuses.
Premier league go focus on him now.... I pray e get goals oooo
Where Salah , Diaz, they
I don’t even rate him that much but let’s wait and see if he can deliver
Normal dem go put pressure for him head like that
Ah owo yen por
🚨BREAKING: #Chelsea winger Mykhailo Mudryk has been charged by the Football Association for doping offences with the player now facing a lengthy ban. [via ]
🚨🔵 Bernardo Silva has been named as new Manchester City captain. “This season for sure will be at City, I’m going to stay. I've had options in the past and this year, like last, my option is to stay”.
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 BREAKING: There will be NO Premier League matches on Boxing Day during the / season. ❌
🚨 BREAKING NEWS: Mudryk has been charged over doping offences and faces up to a year BAN. ()
🚨🔵🔴 Nico Williams and Barça have agreed personal terms on year deal! Agreement sealed on player’s contract until June with the salary in the region of €/m net per season. Barça are currently working on financial terms to get deal done with Athletic.
🚨 Liverpool are prepared to smash the British transfer record to sign Alexander Isak this summer. (Source: )
🚨🇩🇪 More on Florian Wirtz: his salary will be in the region of £, per week plus bonuses. Reports of higher salary are not confirmed as it will fit Liverpool’s current structure.
After tax
🚨🗣️Leo Messi talks about Cristiano Ronaldo after the game last night to : “The competition between us was on the field, and each one of us was striving to do the best for his team at the time and place he was in. But of course, everything remains, as always, on the field, and then we go back to being two normal people. We're not friends, of course, because we don't spend time together, but what we do share is always within a framework of great respect. I have great admiration for what he has done in his career, and what he continues to do, because he is still competing at the highest levels. There is nothing strange about that, it is normal, and this is how things should always be.”
After the - win vs. PSG, Botafogo's owner gave a kiss to his coach Renato Paiva. 😘 🗣️ Renato Paiva said with a laugh: "I prefer a kiss from my wife!"
Manchester City have been fined more than £million ($.m) by the Premier League over multiple breaches of their kick-off and restart obligations for the - season. More from ⬇️
Fine bawo
🚨❤️🤍 Christian Nørgaard to Arsenal, here we go! Agreement done club to club after €m proposal sent today. Personal terms also agreed with Nørgaard set for medical, Brentford have authorized the player to travel. New midfielder to replace Thomas. 🇩🇰
🚨🇬🇭 Thomas Partey, set to 𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞 Arsenal as free agent at the end of the month - story from last week confirmed. Arsenal have already activated options to replace Thomas with Nørgaard talks ongoing with Brentford.
Al Ahly ❌ Wydad ❌ Sundowns ❌ Esperance ❌ All African clubs are out of Club world club
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Cristiano Ronaldo set to 𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧 new deal at Al Nassr, agreement almost done 🇵🇹 Final detail to sort: one or two year deal with possibility to make it happen until 𝐉𝐮𝐧𝐞 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟕… if Cristiano wants. Massive move for SPL to keep Cristiano, he said 𝐲𝐞𝐬.
Kepa Arrizabalaga has undergone a medical with Arsenal and is set to be officially announced 🚨 The goalkeeper is reportedly in London finalising a £m move from Chelsea ✍️
💯
Gone so soon
Rest well ballers
Omoh e pain😣 me oo this guy make me chop bets back then😭
Last minutes goal
Club football biggest prize money🏆🤑 The winner of the new edition of the FIFA Club World Cup will receive a total of 💲M, making it one of the biggest prize money in football💰 ➠ Premier League: $ M ➠ La Liga: $ M ➠ Champions League: $ M ➠ FIFA Club World Cup: $ M ➠ Bundesliga: $ M ➠ Serie A: $ M ➠ Ligue : $ M ➠ Europa League: $ M ➠ Conference League: $ M
The Italian Football Federation has revoked the license and professional status of Brescia after years. ❌🇮🇹 It means they will therefore not play in Serie C next season and could be doomed to disappear. 🤯😢 (Source: )
🚨🇸🇦 Al Qadsiah are progressing to sign Mateo Retegui. 💰 Atalanta have confirmed they're willing to accept an offer over €m to let him go: now it's up to the 🇮🇹 ST. ⌛ He's open to the move, but the final green light is still pending.
Jose Mourinho in an interview on how European clubs are no longer taking international football as seriously as before: 🗣️🗣️. Football has changed—it's no longer what it used to be. Many European clubs have developed this mindset that because they've always been dominant, they’ll automatically go far in international competitions. But they’re forgetting that times have changed. These days, there are no small teams—everyone comes prepared, hungry, and ready to compete. The so-called ‘weaker’ teams that big clubs used to overlook are now well organized and fearless. Meanwhile, the top clubs still rely on their past strength, thinking history alone will carry them through. The Club World Cup is now exposing that mindset and proving that the game has truly evolved.
🇵🇹 | Pedro Neto excused from training, unlikely to feature vs Palmeiras Pedro Neto has been granted time away from training and is not expected to play in tomorrow’s match against Palmeiras. The Portuguese winger has been deeply affected by the tragic passing of Diogo Jota, with whom he shared a very close bond — both on and off the pitch. Neto, like many in the Portuguese football community, is mourning the devastating loss of a friend and brother in football. ❤️🕊️
🚨 Premier League’s Key Match Incidents panel has revealed all referee errors from the / season! 😤 Aston Villa were hurt the most with decisions going against them. ❌ Arsenal, Chelsea & Palace had zero errors go in their favour. ✅ Simon Hooper was rated the best referee.
#Liverpool have decided to retire the no. shirt in honor of Diogo #Jota. #LFC
😫
🚨🇸🇪 Viktor Gyökeres has accepted to give up €m from his salary in order to facilitate negotiations between Arsenal and Sporting. Sporting insist on higher fee compared to Arsenal proposal… …and Gyökeres tries his best also giving up money to make it happen, as per Record.
🚨 Aston Villa are attentive to Dušan Vlahović situation. Juventus want to amicably terminate his contract, which expires next June to get him off the wage bill. (Source: Gazzetta)
Person wey go help u no go stress you na this deal
Make una sha quick sign our Madueke too
They don sign eze and gyokeres ni
Nope but the deal is almost sealed
Both player
What about bench that is where Dey always go wrong
Arsenal no Dey get reserve player and it is affected season from now
If those front get injured they will be back to square one
Them Havertz, Trossard, Martinelli, Jesus, Nwaneri, and possibly Madueke will be on the bench
If they make all those signings
I think they’re good to go
Make them come carry epl loku bayiii 🥶🥶🥶
Liverpool also made some decent signings to strengthen their squad Wirtz, Frimpong, Kerkaz If they can just pull in the Isak deal, Omoh!!! Them go too worry us all
Make Chelsea go play basketball ball for USA because this season you go chop am well well and your player no rest they want to carry fifa If you manage because you will manage best flumine make psg kill you go remain 😂
Man city too, with their new signings Cherki and Ait Nuri, this both guy are really good addition to their squad And also Rodri is back from injury
I feel like we’re also not too far from the right direction, although we’ve spent so much on transfer since the owner new owner era and our squad should’ve been much more formidable than it is but they were busy spending on young players What they’re doing might pay off and if it does we’ll reign for years but at the same time if it doesn’t we fans go suffer and lament for years
Kosi wahala ....
Madueke deal is affecting Eze deal too
Aswear u na don use juju for Arsenal base on transfer
I think Arteta also like Madueke and feel like he fits well to his system
On the other hand Eze is an established Pl player already but he’s more of an individual brilliance than team play
Madueke in arsenal squad chelsea left over
😂😂😂
Madueke is actually good but I just don’t like him cause of his arrogance He won’t even be a regular starter in that Arsenal squad
@⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ Chelsea wants to sign Nwaneri😊 Make we just do swap deal
U no sey na Barcelona they buy left over most
Which left over we dey buy
If we buy left over maybe we need reserve never in first squad
We go blend him
Lewandowski nko?
Na reserved?
Even if you see lewandowski you will be happy
That nwaneri go suffer in Chelsea team if he no sign new deal with arsenal.....
Arsenal ko jooo
Lewandowski na top player ooo
Chelsea no they encourage n accommodate on coming player ....
This our player that Chelsea sign ...Hutchinson, he left after base on playing time since Chelsea sign him e no play anything untill Ipswich sign him
He wants to be guaranteed a game time
We don change oo Na wetin we dey do now be that
I can’t blame him for wanting to leave for game time but coming to Chelsea for game time is unrealistic, he should look for team he knows he’ll walk into their first eleven straight
BREAKING: Luis Díaz has reached a verbal agreement to join Bayern Munich! 🔴🇩🇪 []
🚨💣 Understand Inter Miami have now started talks with Atlético Madrid for Rodrigo de Paul deal! Inter Miami want to keep its ambitions high after the Club World Cup with WC champion de Paul as main target. Told Rodrigo’s open to the move to Inter Miami with talks underway.
🗣️ : “My understanding is Kudus wants to go to Tottenham. Kudus gives total priority to Tottenham. Kudus is not negotiating with other clubs.”
Ajee
Naw back up for saka no be starter
Max Allegri confirmed to a press conference that Luka Modric will join Milan after the Club World Cup. 🔜
🚨🔴⚫️ AC Milan manager Allegri also confirms Mike Maignan-Chelsea deal now completely OFF: “I’m very happy he decided to stay”.
🚨🇮🇹 Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri has some rules for his new team... ✅ • No phones at meetings, meals or locker room • No lateness or player will be dropped • Players must watch their weight and must eat breakfast and lunch at the training ground.
🚨 Courtois: "People blaming Donnarumma for Musiala's injury seems excessive to me. Goalkeepers go for the ball. Attackers don't hold back either when they go straight at our faces. It's just bad luck."
🚨 NEW: Real Madrid want La Liga to delay their first match against Osasuna. The club thinks they don’t have enough time to rest and prepare the players due to the ongoing Club World Cup.
🚨🔵 BREAKING: Theo Hernández to Al Hilal, here we go! Agreement now being sealed after verbal pact made two weeks ago. AC Milan will receive €m transfer fee as Theo will sign his contract in the upcoming days.
🚨 𝗡𝗘𝗪: This morning, Kylian Mbappé has withdrawn his complaints towards PSG regarding harassment and attempted extortion. However, he is still maintaining his appeal regarding the €M he is claiming from PSG.
🚨🦁 BREAKING | Understand that an agreement between #Galatasaray and Napoli regarding a permanent transfer of Victor #Osimhen is now very close. Gala’s feeling with super intermediary George Gardi is that the permanent move will be finalised in the next days. According to , Osimhen will sign until + . 🇳🇬
🚨 𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: Ivan Rakitic is retiring from football. 🇭🇷🤍 • games • goals • assists • major trophies
Wayne Rooney is set to become a regular pundit on Match of the Day. He has landed an £, two-year contract with the BBC.
He don fail as a coach and now he has become a pundit Naso he go dey start to dey criticize other coaches too on a daily basis😂💔
🚨 Arsenal have completed signing of Christian Norgaard from Brentford. Price for yo midfielder £m + up to £m bonuses. Medical / personal terms done. Announcement due this week. Viewed as good deal for #AFC, #BrentfordFC & Denmark int’l
🚨 Inter Miami extremely confident Lionel Messi will renew contract + lead club to Freedom Park stadium in . Argentina legend targeted by Al Hilal - SPL’s pursuit of yo long standing - but #IMCF hope to announce fresh deal any time now
Make una dey try put respect on Chelsea name o We don enter another final again o🥱
Abi now
🚨 J Balvin, Tems and Doja Cat will headline the inaugural FIFA Club World Cup FINAL Half-Time Show on Sunday. []
🚨 EXCLUSIVE: Tottenham Hotspur reach total agreement with West Ham United to sign Mohammed Kudus. Deal for yo #WHUFC forward worth in region of £m. Medical scheduled on Thursday ahead or Ghana international joining #THFC on yr contract
🚨 Lyon have won their DNCG appeal against relegation and will remain in Ligue and in the Europa League. “Olympique Lyonnais welcomes the decision, made today by the DNCG, to keep the Club in Ligue . OL thanks the Appeals Committee for recognising the ambition of the new management of the Club, determined to ensure serious management in the future. “The new management, supported by the commitment and dedication of our shareholders and lenders, is extremely grateful for all the support received both inside and outside the Club, especially from its supporters, collaborators, players, partners and elected officials. “Today's decision is the first step to restore confidence in Olympique Lyonnais. We can now focus our attention on sporting objectives, fully preparing for next season.”
Major change for the Champions League starting from the / season! ⭐️ UEFA are ending the use of draws to determine which team plays the second leg at home during the knockout phase. From now on, this advantage will be earned during the league phase: ⁃ The top teams in the overall standings at the end of the league phase will benefit from playing the second leg at home in every round, up to the final. ⁃ The teams ranked rd and th will have the second leg at home in the round of and quarter-finals. ⁃ Teams ranked between th and th place will play the second leg of the round of at home. If a club eliminates a Top team in the round of , it will inherit their advantage for the subsequent rounds! 🔥 This new system will also apply to the Europa League and the Conference League. 🔜
🚨 Breaking Exclusive: Napoli officially turns down Galatasaray €m rd offer for Victor Osimhen. The official Release clause Figure. - They’re frustrating the deal intentionally and wants to push him to Saudi Arabia (Al Hilal). - Victor Osimhen has made it very clear that going to Al Hilal is not possible. He only wants Galatasaray. - He also made it very clear to Napoli that he won’t report for Pre season and doesn’t want to play for Napoli anymore.
🚨🔴⚫️ Luka Modrić to AC Milan, here we go confirmed! Exclusive story from June and deal now in place for Croatian midfielder. Modrić counter signed one year contract at AC Milan valid until June , arriving after Club World Cup as planned. Deal confirmed. ✅🇭🇷
🚨🗣️ Luis Enrique: "We are one club away to make history, becoming the only French team to ever win every title."
The Club World Cup final runners-up will receive $million; while the winner receives $million. (AS)
🚨🗣️ Luis Enrique: "This is the first match that our best player, Dembélé, is fully fit during this tournament."
🗣 : "The big question is, can Chelsea stop them [PSG], or is it Mission Impossible? Well, nothing is impossible, but if PSG played like this again, it would definitely be mission improbable for Chelsea."
🗣 Frank Leboeuf on Chelsea vs PSG: "I try to be optimistic for Chelsea, but according to what I've seen from both clubs, it's hard for me not to predict that any team which plays against PSG, to not lose - or -. That's what it is. And I'm scared for the young boys of Chelsea, because that could be a lesson. Will it be a good lesson or bad one? I don't know."
🚨🗣️ Napoli president has confirmed they want Garnacho. “Yes we want him, he’s at Manchester United. We take him from United and he becomes twice the player”
🚨 𝐇𝐄𝐑𝐄 𝐖𝐄 𝐆𝐎! Tottenham agree deal to sign Morgan Gibbs-White from Forest 🤍💣 Spurs trigger £m release clause after direct contact with Nottingham Forest today, club has been informed. Medical booked set to take place in h, Telegraph has confirmed with formal steps of move being completed. 𝐊𝐔𝐃𝐔𝐒 ➕ 𝐆𝐈𝐁𝐁𝐒-𝐖𝐇𝐈𝐓𝐄 𝐈𝐍 𝟐𝟒𝐇! 🤯🧨
Spurs wrapping two deals within a week and united still dragging out Mbeumo deal for almost months now 🤦🏽‍♂️
Spurs no they waste time on market ...
It’s more easy for them considering the their current squad, the players they’re going for and also a guaranteed champions league football This two players a walking straight into the first which that cannot be guaranteed in some other teams
I think the wages is part of what’s delaying but Mbeumo is if am not mistaken
Wages can't be the problem...the club want m n man united bid him .m
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ it's not the wage, the wage has been agreed with the player. It's the transfer fee that's the issue. Brentford are demanding £m but united are low balling on it. Mbeumo is not
And that was the second bid
Brentford know that man united need the guy and no other teams compete with them and the guy want the move
Make them add am now
He looks to me tho
Arsenal and Spurs went for him but he chose united that's why the other clubs didn't push for it
Probably because of the beards
After mbembo, then still need striker
Without sales, getting a striker is impossible
Watkins are worth more than m, and I know Man United will go for Watkins when mbembo deal agree
Gernacho going Napoli that one sure And rashford too going Hujlunb going to inter All the sales will worth more than m
Paying above m for Watkins is a No for me - he's and a short term fix
U sure ...let wait n see bro.. Market don spoil
Mbeumo and Cunha is a very good addition but United needs more than that to be out of the shackles they are
Man united yen nahhh
Napoli aren't ready to match the asking price. No one showing interest in Rashford except Barce and they aren't serious. As for Hojlund, it's not % yet
I don’t know why they’re not going for Osimen
I know but above M for a year old player na waste of fund
True! Still need a ball playing midfielder and good gk
Bro Let forget about age .... With that age self ,e can still do more drama dan that hujlunb
Oshimen isn't lowering his wage demands that's why no teams are really going for him except Al Hilal and Gala
It’s not waste of fund o market don spoil pass all that
Man united are eyeing on inacio too
Man united no even bothering about Goalkeeper
He will only be a short term fix and in a season or we will back searching for a striker while paying double of what was paid for Him
Agreed say market don spoil but over m na still no for me. M max
Na because them no see suitors for Onana
m with add on roughly m 😆😆
His valuation na M
+ adds on 😉
Okay
🗣️Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis on Garnacho: "Garnacho's got pace, flair and potential, But that's not even why we want him. We want him because he's at United. Get him out and he becomes twice the player. There's a fault at United that I can't explain"
Everyone don name united as a bad institution
🚨💣 EXCLUSIVE: Noni Madueke to Arsenal, here we go! Fee agreed in excess of £m with add-ons included, green light from Chelsea. Madueke already agreed five year deal at Arsenal days ago and he’s now set to complete the move. The winger leaves #CFC to join #AFC.
These mfs be calling themselves rivals yet have a very platonic relationship when it comes to transfer
🚨 BREAKING: Crystal Palace demoted to the Conference League by UEFA. Nottingham Forest upgraded to the Europa League. Subject to an appeal. Crystal Palace likely to go to CAS. 🗣️ Statement: "On July , the appeal instance of the French financial control authority (DNCG) decided not to relegate Olympique Lyonnais to Ligue . Consequently, and following an assessment by the CFCB of all the other relevant conditions included in the settlement agreement, Olympique Lyonnais will not be excluded from the / UEFA club competitions. "Consequently, the CFCB First Chamber pursued the assessment of the documentation submitted by Olympique Lyonnais and Crystal Palace and concluded that the clubs breached, as at March , the multi-club ownership criteria foreseen in Art . of the UEFA Club Competition Regulations. "For this reason, and in accordance with the provisions set in Art. ., . and . of the UEFA Club Competitions Regulations, the CFCB First Chamber decided: "To accept Olympique Lyonnais’ admission to the / UEFA Europa League; and To reject Crystal Palace’s admission to the / UEFA Europa League and to accept Crystal Palace’s admission to the / UEFA Conference League."
🚨🐉 FC Porto have now agreed deal to own % of Samu from Atlético Madrid. FC Porto activated the option to buy % for €m and also negotiated to buy the remaining % for €m. Porto now own % of the striker’s rights.
“How important is it that your players are prepared to suffer without the ball because there will be long times where you don’t have the ball on Sunday?” Maresca: “Who said that?” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
🚨 The Premier League are unwilling to move Chelsea's opening match of the season after reaching the Club World Cup Final. [BBC]
🚨⚠️ Understand Napoli have now rejected new formal proposal sent by Galatasaray today for Victor Osimhen. Galatasaray offered €m today with bank documents attached for payment guarantees… …Napoli president De Laurentiis wants €m guaranteed and he has rejected.
🚨 Viktor Gyökeres: “I only think about scoring and winning. It changes everything”. “Premier League? I spent several years there without being able to play a single match. So, of course, it's something I'd like to do”. “It would be great revenge!”, told L’Équipé.
This guy president and Napoli president both teams are rubbish
They are using both players disturb media
Them don show Osimehn shege
Walahiii
Oshimen should lower is wage if he wants to really leave
Lower Kinni Why he go lower his wage
Why e should lower wages.... Wages no affect both team.then.just like to frustrate him
He wan collect Ballon d’or 😂
If he can't lower then go to Saudi that is ready to pay more than what he's demanding
Wage affect teams. Why do you think United are cutting wages and no longer overpaying or why Chelsea won't agree to Sancho request. Even City isn't overpaying
I love why e insist on lowong his wages .... Player wey no good pass him self they collect better wages
He worth the wages bro
Staying in Galatasaray still guaranteed him champions league football and he can still keep in tab with other European team but going to Saudi is mainly for money
Maybe after winning the UCL and being the highest goal scorer in the competition and winning league trophy and highest goal scorer
He worth am but which club is willing to match it? That should be the question he needs to ask himself and his agent no sabi at all. The wage he's demanding, it's something he can get if his agent could actually draft a contract
Agreed, but playing for gala won't win him the ucl
I think it was k
Which club do you think will pay him that amount? Be realistic here
Chelsea offers Sancho k but he still no agree bcos he’s on k at Man United and no team will ever give him that kind wages again, only Saudi can Now he’s ready to take a paycut to go Juventus
Bro Team can pay the wages , Man united Arsenal Chelsea spurs ,barcelona and most teams like that
He's on k not k! It's not even pay cut because what he's demanding will be closer to that amount after tax
He doesn’t have to win the champions league, he just needs to keep doing what he’s doing and carry the same form into champions league Other Europe team go still come for him
But they're not overpaying again. Man United for example is no longer overpaying even the present players on big wages have received reduction in wage due to not qualifying for European football and they're trying to push those players that are big earners. Even Cunha no collect k
Sancho is on k
If he knows that then he would have collected a paycut
He's not on k b
Every England footballer pay percent of their earning
That's i said they can pay but won't pay him that amount. The club's no longer want to overpay, they are all trying to balance their wage book and all.
E don drop to k now, no longer on k, same with Onana and the rest
No, he’s not collecting paycut and Galatasaray are being reasonable with him, no other clubs aside Saudi are willing to pay the amount Galatasaray offers him And Cunha is coming from Wolves, how much is his wages before joining United, I think k
What you don't understand is under previous regime, Cunha will be receiving k in wages. Now look at the amount they're trying to pay players - they're not going above k and not every player will collect k Gala needs him and their wage book isn't like the other clubs so they can pay him
I understand you but Cunha and Osimehn’ case is so different, Cunha is taking times two of his previous earning and playing in much better club Other clubs can can pay him exactly what Galatasary offers, even much more and their wages book would still be balance If a team really needs and want a player ehn all these we’re not paying above this amount na lie
You think so? Why do you think when clubs overpay in transfer fee they don't overpay in wages? Except united before. Even Ronaldo move to Madrid, he didn't collect an astronomical wage after breaking the transfer record. There's a lot they factor before handing a player the wages
It’s two different thing oo One is expected to take paycut and the other is moving to much better team and taking times two of his previous earning It’s not that Osimehn is plus o, he scored goals with assists last season and two trophies won
If you be Osimehn, you go collect pay cut??
It's no different, it all depend on how good your agent is and how well he can draft that contract that at the end of the day, if you don't get what you need you get closer to what you ask.
That's why i have an agent, if i know am not ready for a paycut then draft me a contract that gets me something close to that. That's why Jorge Mendes will always be the best agent, bro knows how to draft a contract, push a transfer and finalize it, and get what he's players want
Okay As Arsenal wan sigh Gyokeres now make them con say make he collect pay cut
The first mistake Osimehn did was signing new contract with Napoli and that’s where he got it all wrong
How much is Gyokeres demanding? When you see the amount he's demanding and the amount they're want to pay then we can compare the both
That's why i said he doesn't have a good agent. No good agent will allow you sign a new contract when you already see the way Napoli is moving
How much is he earning at Sporting? How much is Arsenal paying?? Is he collecting paycut? Is he not moving to a much better club? These things are factors to consider
I believe they just wanted them to cash in profit on him not knowing Napoli would make it much more harder for him
Gyokeres dey collect below k wages at sporting and Arsenal is paying k
What the look at is ROI . Branding . Merchandise . Commercial . Input How well you move in this sections Gyokeres is not on a heavy wage sporting for him to accept paycut at Arsenal. He will only receive an improved wage from what he earned at Sporting not lesser wage. How improves the contract is now depends on how good his agent can negotiate.
He's agent his not smart. You knew your player was going to move and seek other opportunities, why allow him sign that contract with that heavy release clause
That’s why am telling you Osimehn and Cunha case are different
Has he signed the k contract?
If you're not Ronaldo, Messi, Neymar, Mbappe, you don't expect these kind of deals except your agent need to be smart and well calculating
Accepted But taking a paycut is a no for me sha
They’ve not finalized the deal yet He’s even demanding k abi above sef but Arsenal is offering k
Well, for me it's on the player and agent. I can decide to take a paycut in wage but cover up for it in other aspects. Amount of goals scored, games played, goals before games, MOTM awards, player of the month, percentage of commercial deals, merchandise deals, etc
You don’t have to be any of these player, Is Wirtz in this players caliber? Then why is he earning that huge wages at Liverpool considering the amount of money dey spent on transfer
When a club really wants you ehn they’ll go for you
Arsenal won't pay k or k. He needs Arsenal more than Arsenal needs him at this point
That's if alternative no dey and no be every club sef
Okay
@⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ how much is Gyokeres is to earn weekly at Arsenal??
Just come up with crazy contract that they sef no go really get choice. God bless Mendes, he sabi this kain thing and na why Ronaldo and Mourinho no change am since all this years
You don’t have to have this top agents to get a good deal for yourself It’s more like clubs are avoiding Osimehn to me, the way he carries himself, somehow too accessible, fighting with national team coach, having issues with Napoli and all
All theses things are being considered
And also he’s from Africa bcos I believe if Osimehn is not African he would have secure a very good deal by now
That's why i will blame his agent too. He should be able to talk to him to behave especially now that he's seeking a move. That won't help him with clubs interested to sign him
Do you know if he hadn't publicly fall out the national team, Napoli (even though those ones they craze) he would've signed for a big club. Chelsea really wanted him when they agreed to match the release clause, all he needed to do was accept the contract but include different clauses. His agent no smart walahi
The new owner came with new system, we aren’t ready to make a good deal for him jhoor, we couldn’t even offer him k wages All these contract based on performance is not good for player side, it only pays the club, I would have blame the agent sef if he propose that kind of deal
E can't earn above k or less than k
After agreeing to pay m? Even Abra no go give am that wage
Na k them offer am na
I know they can't give him k
The transfer fee is plus add on And if na Abra oo by now Osimehn is Chelsea player😂
That’s the deal you’re offering, he even demands above k sef
Gyokeres wey no collect k for sporting abii how much e they earn for Sporting
Less than k sef
Subuhana lahh
Palmer sef no collect k na. Abra go pay the release clause of m but no go give am that k
And him they demand 🫴 k Omoh
I never see the news wey he dey demand k o
Buh, they didn't disclose the wages out
Palmer became a top player while playing for Chelsea
We bought Palmer m, I was even saying how can we buy a player like that with kind of amount not knowing he’ll become one of our best player right now
Credit to his agent bro
You paying m is on your club and city demanding what they feel is the right price. Na why i go still dey blame Oshimen agent, the guy no really sabi him work
Credit on him He forced the move asking for play time and since Pep couldn’t guarantee that, he chooses to leave And Chelsea on the other hand then, na anybody wey show face we dey buy
Do you know how much Sterling was earning at Chelsea k
Wait until you finalize the deal and let’s see how much he’ll be earning
PSG have scored ten first-half goals, while Chelsea are yet to concede in the first half in any match... First half on Sunday ⚒️ 🔥
Agreed he forced his way but the agent his also aware and would help him in finalizing that and get a good contract at city
That was because he had a good agent, no be sterling negotiate o, na agent dey do negotiations
If Oshimen go collect -k make he come united
Bcos Chelsea dey use to spend anyhow before new owner came
Even with the new owner no be say una do any superstar signing wey go demand money except Lukuluku
🚨 BREAKING: Sporting are poised to take disciplinary action against Viktor Gyökeres after he missed his deadline to report for pre-season training. Sporting are in a position of financial stability and have NO intention of relenting over sale price.⛔🇸🇪 #AFC (via )
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Marcus Rashford () is on the market with Man United no longer counting on him. 🇸🇦 He’s turned down a huge €M offer from Saudi Arabia as he waits for Barça — his dream move. 🔵🔴 He’s even ready to lower his salary to fit Barça’s FFP rules. 🛫 Rashford wants the deal done ASAP to join preseason! []
🚨 Newcastle United would have to agree a £m deal to sign Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa this summer.
🚨 Arsenal in process of completing move for Viktor Gyokeres after taking final steps in negotiations with Sporting Lisbon. #AFC made formal advances on deal terms over weekend in bid to secure yo #SportingCP striker. yr contract lined up
PSG XI: Donnarumma; Hakimi, Marquinhos, Beraldo, Nuno Mendes; Vitinha, Neves, Ruiz; Doue, Dembele, Kvaratskhelia.
CHELSEA XI: Sanchez, Gusto, Cowill, Chalobah, Cucurella, James, Caicedo, Enzo, Palmer, Neta, Joao Pedro.
I like as all of una con quiet
Abi ooo
Make them put respect on Chelsea’s name
Cole Palmer has been directly involved in six goals in his last three finals for club and country: goal v Spain (EURO) assists v Betis (UECL) goals, assist v PSG (CWC) Cold.
Reece James and Sanchez were telling Donald Trump he has to move, but Donald Trump told them "No, I am CELEBRATING with you."
Cole Palmer on Trump: "I knew he was going to be here… but I didn't know he was going to be on the stand when we lifted the trophy so I was a bit CONFUSED, yeah."
▪️ Premier League ▪️ FA Cup ▪️ Carabao Cup ▪️ Champions League ▪️ Europa League ▪️ Conference League ▪️ Club World Cup Chelsea are the first club in football history to win every major trophy 🏆
🗣 PSG manager Luis Enrique: “I think over the course of the game, they [Chelsea] deserved their win. They played very well. I said beforehand that Chelsea were a very good team, and they deserve their victory and the trophy.”
🚨🗣️ Luis Enrique: "Loser? I'm not a loser. I'm a runner-up. There are no losers in top level football. A loser is someone who doesn't wake up from his bed."
🗣 Luis Enrique on Club World Cup: “I think this tournament was born out of the need to know who the best team in the world is. It’s an interesting format and could become a real top-level competition. There is just the difficulty of finding space for it in the current calendar, but we had the chance to win it — and there was another team who were simply better than us in the final.”
Robert Sanchez on Cole Palmer: 🗣 "Cole Palmer is the best in the world. If he’s not the best now, he’s going to be in the next two to three years. He’s a top player. He shows it in all the matches. What he does is magic. When he gets chances, he takes them. Today he scored two goals, almost a hat-trick. Impressive." ~
🗣 Robert Sanchez: "PSG have a lot of quality, they play with a lot of intensity, energy, but for me we have much more quality. I told my team-mates that we have more energy than them, more intensity than them, that we are going to win the game. And that is what they did. We got in their face from the first minute and when we got chances, it was goal, goal. What a final. We put in a lot of effort in this tournament, so we deserved it. I’m very happy, delighted that we played a great match, were able to score goals. We could have scored more." ~
Liam Delap on Palmer’s performance: 🗣 “It was incredible. He's a world-class player and today he showed that.” ~
Malo Gusto on Cole Palmer: 🗣 “He’s always a bit on his own, a bit reserved. But he’s a very good person. He knows when to speak up. He also knows how to be funny to help the team relax a bit. We all have a very good relationship. We’re really happy to have this kind of player. Everyone knows Cole now. Everyone knew him before. He’s a top player, like many others in this team. He did a lot for us tonight.” ~
Una still no go congratulate Chelsea abi Omoh!!! Y’all must have wanted Chelsea to lose so badly oo but we humbled all of una😂💔 If we no beat this PSG naso them go just fool all of una say them be the best in the world
𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: Nicolo Zaniolo has been fined €, for assaulting two AS Roma youth players! 🇮🇹💸🤯 As a reminder, the Italian club had accused Zaniolo of illegally entering the locker room after a youth match against Fiorentina in May. He allegedly urinated in the locker room and subsequently provoked and struck Mattia Almaviva and violently pushed Marco Litti against a bench.
🚨⚪️⚫️ EXCL: Newcastle submitted an official bid today to Eintracht Frankfurt for Hugo Ekitike! Proposal higher than €m previously offered by another club this summer with Newcastle pushing to get the deal done. Negotiations underway. 🔛🇫🇷
🏆🌟 The final Ballon d’Or Top , according to B/R Football: . Dembele . Raphinha . Lamine Yamal . Achraf Hakimi . Mo Salah . Vitinha . Kvaratshkelia . Fabian Ruiz . Nuno Mendes . Kylian Mbappé
Spain's government demand investigation into Barcelona wonderboy Lamine Yamal's th birthday party after 'dwarves were exploited' and women with 'specific breast dimensions were paid to attend'
Galatasaray reject Napoli new conditions for Victor Osimhen deal, talks will continue… if conditions change again. Napoli asked for €m now plus €m to be paid by plus sell-on clause. Galatasaray want to pay €m by and refuse to include sell-on clause.
🚨 Bayern Munich submit official bid to sign Luis Diaz from Liverpool. #FCBayern proposal worth €.m; rejected immediately today. #LFC value at €m+ but informed suitors no plans to sell. Colombia int’l has made clear he wants to leave
🚨🚨🤯 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Liverpool made club to club APPROACH with Newcastle for 𝐀𝐥𝐞𝐱𝐚𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐈𝐬𝐚𝐤, DEAL ON! 💣 Liverpool management informed Newcastle about plan to submit £𝟏𝟐𝟎𝐦 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐚𝐥 for record fee, if doors open. Decision up to Newcastle as they never wanted to sell Isak and plan to offer new deal to the Swedish striker.
🚨🔴⚪️ Negotiations between Arsenal and Sporting remain ongoing in London with all parties involved. After commission reduced by agent plus €.m fee ready, Sporting ask for €m add-ons to be easy/guaranteed. Arsenal and agents remain in talks to get the final green light.
Men’s Ballon d’Or nominees are set. ✅ At Paris’ Hôtel de Crillon, our committee selected this year’s contenders. Names revealed August . Women’s nominees still pending — major international competitions ongoing. Who do you want to see in our lists? #ballondor
Reports inducates that Donald Trump is said to have the authentic Club World Cup trophy displayed in the Oval Office, while Chelsea was awarded a replica after their victory.
See una life 😂😂😂😂 They carry pangolo give you 😂😂😂
Carry pangolo go England 😂😂😂
I Dey wait make una talk noni 😂
Even champions league and FIFA World Cup No club has the original, you only lift the original when celebrating and then return it to take the replica home
EPL winners can keep the original trophy for a few months after winning. UCL winners do not keep the original trophy beyond the immediate celebrations. CWC winners don’t get to keep the original trophy for days or weeks — just during immediate aftermath and official events.
🚨🚨| BREAKING: Chelsea players set to pocket around £, each in bonuses after their Club World Cup triumph 💰
Don’t forget ucl they write the winner on it immediately referer blow final and you said the one Dey lift is replica
Na them know how them dey do am, you only lift the original but you go home with the replica
Premier league allows club to go with the original and keep it for few months but not for Champions league, World Cup and club World Cup
🚨💣 EXCL: Liverpool made club to club approach with Newcastle to discuss record bid for Alexander Isak. ❗️👀 If Isak won’t be available, Liverpool can enter Ekitike race. Decision up to Newcastle as they never wanted to sell Isak + offer new deal.
Liverpool mean this thing oo
Can never be my club
Why I never hear here we go wetin dey sup bayi
Una dey keep negotiation going bcos you know say na only you dey on am now, if to say other clubs dey eye him am sure Arsenal go don complete the deal
Ajee arsenal don mad
If Liverpool follow them Put leg now 😂
I no know why Liverpool no dey go for him sef and his style go suit Liverpool o
Everything don settle between club n club
Na Arsenal n agent they on deal now
🚨🔴⚪️ Arsenal and Valencia have also exchanged documents for Cristhian Mosquera deal. €m plus add-ons, total fee under €m and long term deal for Mosquera. Medical booked on Wednesday.
🚨🇫🇷 Hugo Ekitike case remains open as Newcastle sent official bid close to €m on Monday; Eintracht want more. 👀 Liverpool can enter the race… only if Newcastle close the doors to Alexander Isak exit. Newcastle are still there pushing for Ekitike but a lot depends on Isak.
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Understand Bundesliga and Premier League clubs are showing strong interest in Nico O'Riley. Talks for Manchester City midfielder will continue as several clubs prepared to offer regular first team opportunities next season, a priority for the player.
🚨🔴⚪ Atlético Madrid remain keen on signing Ademola Lookman in case of more exits. Contacts took place in recent days again even after Thiago Almada deal, waiting for more clarity on final pricing.
🚨🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chelsea have held new talks with Eberechi Eze’s Agent. []
UEFA has banned FK Arsenal Tivat for ten years from European competition, and requested FIFA upgrade the suspension to a global one. It follows charges against the Montenegro-based club of match fixing. I first thought it was Arsenal 😂
🚨 First day of training at Fenerbahçe… and Jhon Durán is already absent! 😳 🎙 José Mourinho: "It's a lack of respect. There are clear rules, and those who don't follow them will face the consequences. We will talk to him… if he shows up." 🗞️
Wahala
The / Premier League season will start on *Friday August * and conclude on Sunday May . The Carabao Cup final will take place on *Sunday March * and the FA Cup final will take place on *Saturday May .* The Champions League final will be held on *Saturday May .* The Europa League final will be played on *Wednesday May * in Istanbul, with the Conference League final a week later on *Wednesday May * in Germany. The World Cup will start on *Thursday June * and end with the final on *Sunday July .*
🚨 𝐔𝐏𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄: Inter prepare official bid to Atalanta to rival Atlético for Ademola Lookman 👀🇳🇬 Both Inter and Atlético Madrid are in the race to sign the Nigerian winger who still plans to 𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞 the club. Atlético need to sell one attacking player, while Inter prepare bid for €m as report. Lookman’s keen on Inter move with talks ongoing for personal terms while Atalanta want more than €m. Nothing agreed or close yet at this stage but deal on.
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Liverpool 𝐚𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐞 terms with Ekitike and send first proposal to Eintracht 🔴💣 Eintracht informed Liverpool that they want more… but first contact been made as club to club talks continue. Ekitike said 𝐲𝐞𝐬 Liverpool, no issues on personal terms as player wants the Reds as priority for his future club. Deal currently considered 𝐨𝐟𝐟 with Newcastle, already exploring different options after Ekitike also rejected.
Manchester United should please do this one for me and my hate for you don reduce by percent 😂
GOD FORBID
Wetin be God forbid
Shey Jackson no be player
Why you wan make your team bin am
Na volleyball player
Thank God you have Bruno wey go dey give pass whenever he make his run 🔥🔥🔥 Una go too worry other teams
We dey find who go score you dey bring person wey dey wasteful
Even if na M we no want - Hojlund wey we get never comot na to con add another wasteful striker - takunlah
Miracle no dey tire Jesus, just believe
Who go sell Jackson m Jackson na m above
E get some miracles wey jesus no dey bother do
That na for who need am, as for united Ndi ara to am
I see Jackson excelling at United
No be you go decide that
I see Jackson taking united to Championship
Anaye even my coach and board no go stupid buy am
Atleast champion dey there😂
Ota poju enemy lo awon olote 😄
😂😂😂 We for try push am for Arsenal, be like say Arsenal like doing business with us
Abeg hold your Jackson we no WANT
Shey me I want make your team do well before ni😂
Just lower the asking price them go buy - Arsenal na una extended cousin
Na why i dey tell you say you be olote
Our London little brother to be precise😂
I know
Them no be little brother sef, na una cousin little bro
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ you see say no be me talk am oo I no dey there🥱
Mission accomplished
🚶🚶🚶
American rapper Snoop Dogg is the latest celebrity to join the ownership group of an EFL club by investing in Swansea City. “My love of football is well known, but it feels special to me that I make my move into club ownership with Swansea City,” he said in a club statement. “The story of the club and the area really struck a chord with me. This is a proud, working class city and club. An underdog that bites back, just like me. “I’m proud to be part of Swansea City.” Snoop Dogg is the second prominent person to buy a stake in Swansea after Luka Modric was announced as a co-owner in April. nytimes.com/athletic/…
Leave am I no blame him now naw arsenal be werey
🚨🚨💣 Bryan Mbeumo insists with Brentford to JOIN MAN UNITED after £m bid sent today 👀 Manchester United are now CONFIDENT, reports the Times.
Omari #Hutchinson is getting closer to #BrentfordFC from #Ipswich. Ready a contract until .
🚨🔴 𝐑𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐀𝐋𝐄𝐃: Manchester United plan to sign NEW STRIKER in the next weeks as main target after Bryan Mbeumo deal done. 👀👀 Outgoings will be key for budget as Garnacho, Sancho, Rashford, Antony remain among players set to leave.
🚨📑 𝐑𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐀𝐋𝐄𝐃: Bryan Mbeumo’s fee will be £m plus £m add-ons paid in FOUR DIFFERENT INSTALLMENTS. 💸💰 Brentford accepted payment structure proposed by Manchester United. 🤝🏻
🚨🔵 Chelsea and Arsenal are in the race to sign Xavi Simons. Chelsea see Simons as a potential replacement for Nkunku. It’s understood suitors are hoping to agree a fee of £m. ( ) #CFC
🚨🔴⚪️ Armand Laurienté to Sunderland, here we go! Deal agreed with Sassuolo for French winger. Understand #SAFC will pay €m fixed fee, no add-ons. Personal terms also agreed. New winger for Sunderland, as planned.
How do you leave a club that can guarantee you trophy to one that only entertain
U will witness us winning trophy next season
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ be like you dey listen to Wasiu Ayinde wella cos bro that's just a vivid imagination
Stop it jor😅
🚨🇮🇹Gianni Infantino: “This year’s Ballon d’Or will largely be influenced by performances at the Club World Cup. What players showed in that tournament will matter a lot.” A new emphasis on global club success. 🏆🌍
Lewandowski’s official career stats: 🏟️ games ⚽️ goals 🅰️ assists G/A on games 🌟🇵🇱
🚨 Luis Diaz mantains his plan to leave Liverpool with FC Bayern set to bid again very soon. Bayern want to improve their proposal after €m rejected as they keep negotiating also for Woltemade. Barcelona remain in contact with Lucho’s agents while Bayern can spend more.
🚨⚪️ Spurs manager Thomas Frank has confirmed Cuti Romero expected to stay: “He’s definitely here and very committed”. “I know he’s looking forward to the season”.
🔴⚪️🇧🇷 SC Braga have signed all formal documents with PSG for Gabriel Moscardo deal. The Brazilian midfielder is already in Portugal for medical and formal steps. One year loan, no buy option clause.
BREAKING: Manchester City have approached Burnley over re-signing goalkeeper James Trafford 🧤
All m£
So sweet
Good deal right??
🚨🔵🔴 BREAKING: Marcus Rashford to Barcelona, here we go! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Verbal agreement in principle between all parties involved with Barça planning for medical tests next days. Loan deal with buy option, details being finalised today then Man Utd will authorize his travel to Spain. ✈️
Understand Marcus Rashford has taken a salary cut to join Barcelona. He will be paid around €m-gross, including bonuses. The concession allows Barcelona to now pay % of his wage.🔵🔴
🚨💣 Noni Madueke: “We are CAPABLE TO WIN ALL COMPETITIONS NEXT SEASON”. ❤️🤍
Juventus have reached an agreement with Manchester United to sign Jadon Sancho for £M. Personal terms have been agreed on a four-year contract worth £M-a-season + bonuses.
🚨💣 BREAKING: Hugo Ekitike to Liverpool, here we go! Deal in place for fee over €m for the French striker to join from Eintracht Frankfurt, potentially reaching €m. Six year deal for Ekitike, valid until June ; he only wanted Liverpool move. New striker for Slot 🇫🇷
Frankfurt are a club that never ever budges when it comes to transfers. Kolo Muani sold for €m Hugo Ekitike sold for €m Omar Marmoush sold for €m Luka Jovic sold for €m Haller sold for €m
If after all these signings yet Liverpool fails to win at least trophies next season, they should sack Slot!
Kolo kolo no be striker na, person wey them suppose convert to wingback
🚨🦅 Richard Rios to Benfica, here we go! Deal agreed right now with Palmeiras after green light on player side. Benfica director Rui Pedro Braz closed the agreement with mission in Brazil as €m price tag will be reached. Rios will fly to Lisbon next week for medical.
🚨 Real Madrid are preparing a €m offer to sign Enzo Fernandez. —
🚨🔵 Further talks between Chelsea and #Xavi Simons camp are taking place this evening. #CFC are concretely in and are working on reaching a verbal agreement. Leipzig are ready to sell him. RB want at least € million all-in, while Chelsea want to pay less. If a move to Chelsea does not work out, other teams are waiting in the wings. 🇳🇱
🚨 Alejandro Garnacho's suitors believe he could now be snared for around £m. Villa, Spurs, and Chelsea are all thought to be monitoring his situation along with some clubs overseas, although Garnacho’s preference is to stay in the PL. () #CFC
🚨🔴⚫️ EXCLUSIVE: Flamengo are closing in on deal to sign Saúl from Atlético Madrid! After talks collapsed with Trabzonspor today, Saúl has verbally agreed a three year deal at Flamengo. Huge work overnight by director José Boto to convince Saúl. 💣🇪🇸
He could've signed for united when they came calling seasons back
🚨🔵 Xavi Simons has opened doors to Chelsea move after direct contacts with his camp! Club to club talks will start from Tuesday as Chelsea-Leipzig will discuss deal conditions. For #CFC deal depends on outgoings. Player followed Chelsea fc on IG some hours ago
EXCLUSIVE: Nicolas Jackson has already said no to Napoli and AC Milan. Na Manchester United he dey wait for
My question goes like this Ekitike sold for €m. How much would you agree to sell Nicolas Jackson❓️
Doubl of Ekitikete price
Why not x the price 😏
Double is Okay .... Aseju no goos
Good
Toor
Chelsea offered sancho £k a week but turned it down because he wanted his £k Manchester United wage. Now he’s heading to Juventus, and he’ll be earning €k a week. Jokes… but seriously, i don’t understand Sancho 😒💔
🚨 RASHFORD CONTRACT IS READY. All set to be signed at Barcelona TODAY. ❤️💙🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
🚨 Bryan Mbeumo: “As soon as I knew there was a chance to join Manchester United, I had to take the opportunity to sign for the club of my dreams”. “This is the team whose shirt I wore growing up”. ❤️✍🏾
🇳🇬Victor Boniface on his failed transfer to Al Nassr: "It was a big offer! €M for the club (Leverkusen), so they couldn't say no. They accepted, so I was ready to go, and I even had my suitcases packed. I was living in Cologne, so I went to Frankfurt airport. The offer was so huge that I even gave away some of my luxury (designer) clothes to my friends. I was at the airport, waiting, praying that the transfer would go through... but my village people were like come and go, let see na, but at the last minute, everything fell through. So, I called my friend and said, 'Do you remember the Louis Vuitton T-shirt I gave you?"
I watched the vedio I said ur clothes don go ....Do u expect the person to return the clothes back
🚨🔴⚫️ Pervis Estupiñán to AC Milan, here we go! Verbal agreement in place with Brighton after green light from Tony Bloom. Formal steps to follow. 🇪🇨
He thought he was gonna get an offer more than what Chelsea’s offer but if he’s going to Juventus fr i think his wages will definitely be over k
Na playing time then need
🚨🔵🔴 Understand Barcelona are not in active talks to sign Denzel Dumfries. The case has gone quiet since June. Barça consider Koundé untouchable, no way for Premier League move… and new deal, getting closer. 🔐👀
🚨🔴🔵 Ilya Zabarny wants PSG and Paris Saint-Germain are set to improve their bid! The verbal agreement has been reached with Zabarny in June and PSG are set to approach Bournemouth again. No active talks with Tottenham so far despite reports.
‼️ West Ham are interested in signing Dewsbury-Hall on loan from Chelsea this summer. {ExWHUEmployee}
#Chelsea are looking to sell Joao Felix for €M, including add-ons. Meanwhile, Raheem Sterling began pre-season training last week - and a Champions League club in Europe is keen to sign him. An offer of £M will be accepted.
🚨 Eintracht Frankfurt paid a combined €.M for Randal Kolo Muani, Omar Marmoush and Hugo Ekitike. They sold them all for a combined €M. 🤯 Unbelievable business from the Bundesliga club. 🙌🇩🇪
🚨🔴 If all goes according to plan, Hugo #Ekitike is set to start his medical for Liverpool today. This will be followed by a contract until , with a salary of up to € million gross per year. Transfer fee: € million plus € million in additional bonuses. #LFC
🚨🗣️Arsène Wenger: "Barcelona SIGNING Marcus Rashford, isn't Just a TRANSFER… this is a DECLARATION of FOOTBALL WAR on all of EUROPE. This Player, when at his BEST, can TEAR DOWN any DEFENSE on his OWN."
🇳🇬🗣️ Victor Boniface: "Xabi Alonso and some of his assistants and several players have left. But we’ve also got some good players and a great coach in Erik ten Hag who’s had a lot of success at Ajax and Manchester United."
Who con dey advice Osimehn not to go to Saudi
E get in on choice niii
Ohh, Let wait and see then.
Hmmm
E choke
Granit Xhaka has informed Bayer Leverkusen that he only wants to join Sunderland, as club-to-club talks continue over a deal for the Swiss midfielder. More from
Lmao
Sunderland as against the other club, nawa o
🚨🔵 Chelsea will accept bids in the region of £m for Raheem Sterling. A Champions League club is keen to sign him. () #CFC
Sunderland they among team that spend much in dis transfer market ... Then already spent above m
They like player with physical power and they will be running like flash on the pitch 😂😂😂
Sunderland just dey carry players here and there
😂😂😂 And still chop beating times a season from Barcelona
Go reply ur message
I'm not even talking about them spending big, it's about how realistic they battle for relegation is, like is % certain
And that might not work in their favour if the coach can't use them to get the desire result
m where den see money
Abi dem get new owner ni
I think then win 🏆 playoff trophy
And some bonuses
Qualifying for EPL alone na money
//, : - + : If you see eketike 😂😂😂 Too tall 😂
Lmao
Peter crouch don come back
Hmmm
Let season start bro
Arsenal and strong head no shame 😂
🚨🔵 Chelsea are ‘really pushing’ for Xavi Simons despite Arsenal interest. ()
🚨 🇸🇳 Jackson priority - STAY and fight for place at Chelsea. If that’s not possible, he’d be keen on a move to United. ()
🚨𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Hugo Ekitike has already COMPLETED his medical at LIVERPOOL. 🖖🏻 €m fixed fee, €m easy add-ons, €m difficult add-ons. 🤑
🚨🚨😮 Manchester United have been offered to HIJACK GYOKERES DEAL twice in the last days… …Gyökeres said: “ONLY ARSENAL FOOTBALL CLUB”. ❤️🤍
Liverpool really spend money for this transfer o
Sey him forget that na Amorim they man united niii..his former coach
Na that witzr n EKITIKETE surprised me .... Bundesliga player
If we’re being honest with each other we all know right now most players will choose Arsenal ahead Manchester United Arsenal is more of a matured team strengthening their squad more but Man United still never know wetin go sup and just hoping things go well
Ekitikete😂😂 Let’s see wetin go happen when the season starts
No let man united fans see you ooo
On ur team also ...watin u want to use Ximon do, Dos players self no they learn from others players .... Ximon suppose looks how Nkunku playing style dropped 🫳, Ximon too coming to Chelsea
If u buy ximon now in years u go sell it back ... Chelsea go make sale in this transfer market like mad ...
Chukwuemeka going to Borrussia dortmund Viega to Napoli abii Ac
Nkunkun too will find way to comot Chelsea
This new season na war season oooo Everybody no wan gree at all 😂😂😂
Nkunku is going Even since he became Chelsea player, injuries no let him settle at all but I think Ximons will be a very good addition to the squad After we’re Ximons we’re going for Hato then maybe Eze, we’re good to go
Yes He’s among the listed player going out
Okay
I remember that nkunku time at Leipzig Chaiiiii
I don't know who they ruined player career pass either Chelsea or Man United ...
U still have Brazilian players that want join u too dis season
Estavio n Santos abiii ?
Yes ooo Every season has it’s own dynamic
Na injury make Nkunku form drop that much
U na they use money they enticed players
Estavio Is to complete with Neto And Santos is a backup for Enzo
Big team wey go collect go collect ... Small team wey go gear up go gear up
Santos can't do that midfield ...maybe wen u dey lead like nill shaaa u can bring him in
Because this EPL they strong 💪 every season
Santos is good player and I know the PL is another test for him, that’s why he’s a backup
And I don’t really think he’ll have much problem settling considering how our team is playing lately
Okay
🚨 Bayer Leverkusen coach Erik ten Hag: “The agent of Xhaka can say whatever he wants, but this club has already let three important players go, and we won't let any more go”.
Then just wan affect this Ten hag niiii....
🚨 RB Leipzig are now seriously pursuing a deal to sign Carney Chukwuemeka and have already initiated talks, with the player allowed to leave Chelsea. Dortmund are also in the race.
Make u na do swap deal then Ximon n chukwuemeka then go just add small payment on it
Wirtz Frimpong Xhaka players out of their first
Chelsea is delaying bcos they want to clear room first before adding more Sterling Felix Nkunku Maybe Jackson too
Ok
Na Dembelle get am
If Gyokeres can carry that insane form into Arsenal team Omoh!!! People go too collect oo Viktor Gyökeres in / played games and scored goals, he also provided assists, that’s G/A in matches phew!!! That’s so surreal They also made some good additional like Zubimendi, Norgard and Madueke They’re also still on Eze which I pray the deal doesn’t go through cause Eeh!! Be like say una no dey see wetin I Dey see, currently Arsenal has the best defense in the league and they concede lesser goal than every other teams Every season has it own dynamic but at the same time if we’re being honest, Arsenal a very strong contender for the league and somehow tipping them above Liverpool a bit
Liverpool also made some good additions to their squad, Frimpong in for Anold, kerkaz, Wirtz and Ekitike. Luiz Diaz and Nunez are among players leaving, Konate is not really settled They also lost one of their very good player Diogo Jota (may his soul Rest In Peace) I just feel like Arsenal has a little edge above them this season
Shaaa leave us alone ooo.... When it's time all of u go shock, even arsenal teams self go shock.
We never know wetin Man city go bring this season but no matter what they’re also favorite and a strong contender for the league De bruyne is out now and Cherki is in, which I feel like he’ll fill that role, not perfectly cause they’ll definitely miss him but Cherki is also a very good creative player Arsenal, Liverpool and Man city are my top And if anyone snooze, Chelsea is definitely giving all these club a tough time but I tip them above us
Manchester United It’s somehow a good thing for them not to participate in any uefa competition this season, they’ll have much more time to focus on the league To be honest, Man United standard has fallen so I would say If Amorim can’t get the team into top this coming season he has failed bcos that’s the only thing his priority should be right now I would have say Top considering the standard of what Man United has always been but that’s unrealistic They made some good additional as well, Cunha and Mbeumo are both familiar with the league they’re walking straight into the starting Considering Bruno is arguably the best creative midfielder in the league. Ahmad and Zirkzee are also a very good players but going into the league with Hodjlum leading the attack is worrying, they still have some other options like Mateta, Wood, Watkins are familiar with league or they should go for the likes of Sesko, Guirassy, Lataaro Martinez or Thuram
🗣 Jose Mourinho: "Playing from the back with a wooden goalkeeper is complicated. I remember Guardiola had Hart, the best English goalkeeper. But he wanted Claudio Bravo, but that wasn't enough. So he signed Ederson."
🚨🧤 AC Milan plan to open talks with Maignan over a new contract soon. The 🇫🇷 GK had pushed to leave before the CWC, but now the 🔴⚫ want to discuss with Mike a new, long-term agreement. Full story on ⤵️
Bayern are set to make an improved bid for Luis Díaz and are prepared to pay up to €m []
🗣 Jose Mourinho: "Okay, this Club World Cup also highlighted a kid who also had a great season at Chelsea, Cole Palmer. But this run to the semi-finals reminded me every time I went to the US for pre-season with Real Madrid, with Inter, it reminded me of those games we played there. So, I think this World Cup title is only important for Chelsea, as they'll sell a lot of jerseys with the logo there'.
🗣 José Mourinho: "I think PSG was the big winner this season, not because of what they did domestically, because they always win domestically. But winning the Champions League and the way they did, especially with the idea of losing their best player."
🔵🔴 Marcus Rashford: “Barcelona is a club where people's dreams come true”. “What the club stands for means a lot to me as well and it feels like I'm at home, and this is a big factor in my choice”. “I feel I’m joining a family”.
🚨🔴⚪️ BREAKING: Atlético Madrid sign David Hancko from Feyenoord on €m fixed fee plus add-ons. Contract also agreed with the defender after Al Nassr deal collapsed. New centre back for Simeone. 🆕
🚨🔴⚫️ Emerson Royal has opened doors to Flamengo move with personal terms discussions well underway. Flamengo approached AC Milan as talks are ongoing.
🚨🔴 OFFICIAL: Hugo Ekitike joins Liverpool from Eintracht Frankfurt on six year contract. €m fixed fee, €m easy add-ons and €m difficult add-ons as package for the French striker. One more for Arne Slot. ⭐️
🚨 Marcus Rashford: “I don't have anything bad to say about Manchester United”. “I think it's been an important part of my life, I'm grateful... I just wish them all the best and I hope they are successful in the future”.
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Benfica open direct talks to sign João Félix and bring him back! ❤️🤍🦅 Negotiations ongoing with Chelsea, João will leave as clear plan and Benfica are now discussing the formula. Talks underway also with Félix’s agent Jorge Mendes, work in progress to bring João back to Portugal 🔙🏡
🚨 Alexander Isak has not travelled with Newcastle for their pre-season tour to Singapore. Newcastle sources insist it’s down to a thigh issue, despite a precautionary scan coming back clear.
Season never start
League is starting mid of next month and fpl squad selection ends some days before the date
I Dey lowkey wait for Gyokeres signing before I confirm my fpl squad
Loll
Everything don settle dis morning
Make them complete the signing, make fpl reveal his price
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Viktor Gyökeres, new Arsenal player as documents have been 𝒂𝒑𝒑𝒓𝒐𝒗𝒆𝒅 ❤️🤍 Gyökeres receives formal authorization to 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐥 as he can undergo 𝐦𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥 as a new Arsenal player in h. Arsenal and Sporting completed process for €.m plus €m deal to be formally signed in the next days. 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐒𝐖𝐄𝐃𝐈𝐒𝐇 𝐌𝐀𝐂𝐇𝐈𝐍𝐄 𝐈𝐒 𝐂𝐎𝐌𝐈𝐍𝐆. 💣🇸🇪
When i saw this stuff for Twitter, I was like, wtf
It’s not easy to be Man utd fan right now
🗣 Declan Rice on Madueke: "I think he's so driven. He wants to prove and show everyone what he really can do and I think you're going to see that. He's hungry, he wants to play for Arsenal and that's the type of players we want. I think he's going to shock a lot of people."
This guy just wants to waste for nothing
E no sabi transfer time frame.... All most of the big team don sign striker finished ✅️... The motherfucker want to leave NUFC
🚨🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Manchester United sent a LOAN PROPOSAL for DIBU Martinez. Aston Villa have REJECTED. ❌🇦🇷
He for be Liverpool player by now
Abi oooo
🚨🔵 EXCLUSIVE: Manchester City agree deal to sign James Trafford as new goalkeeper, here we go! Deal in place with Burnley under value of £m buy back clause. Trafford said yes to Man City as Pep Guardiola wanted him. Newcastle are also informed about Trafford’s decision.
🚨🔵 Understand Chelsea and RB Leipzig are now in advanced talks for Xavi Simons. Negotiations club to club progressing well, still work to do but heading positive direction. Xavi, keen on Chelsea project with personal terms talks also advanced.
Leipzig player again... Timo Werner n Nkunku ,we know more about them let see wat Simon have for Chelsea
🚨🗣️ Rio Ferdinand: “If I don't get a striker, I'd go midfield. 'There's only ONE name I'm thinking about, I've got to be honest, who I think fits the bill for what we need. An Amorim-type player as well. Physically great, can drive with the ball, can take it in all areas, very good tactically, great energy, great legs, Premier League experience, centre midfield, Carlos Baleba. That's who I go and get. That's my man. That's the one I go and get. I go and break the bank.” #MUFC
Benjamin Mendy released by Swiss club after just EIGHT games after partying antics left club bosses furious Be like say village people dey follow Benjamin Mendy
This one go do well and if he no do well, we have Arsenal to sell him to😂💔 I trust your team to come for it
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Alexander Isak says NO to Saudi Arabia and ONLY WANTS LIVERPOOL! 💣🔴 Isak has already turned down proposals from Saudi as there’s nothing at all ongoing with Al Hilal at this stage.
🚨⚪️ Tottenham have genuine interest in João Palhinha as initial approach has been made with his camp. More will follow in the next weeks as there’s no formal proposal to Bayern yet.
🚨🔵 Vanja Milinković-Savić has just arrived to undergo medical tests as new Napoli player. €m package deal agreed yesterday with Torino. 🇷🇸
🚨 Alexander Isak has been offered a staggering £,-a-week tax-free deal by Al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia with further lucrative bonuses on top.
🚨 Rúben Amorim: “We need to be really careful when we sign players. If we start the season with this squad, I am happy”.
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Newcastle are ready to go big for Benjamin Šeško, proposal to follow! 🖤🤍 Newcastle are ready to present their project to Šeško as proposal to the player is now also being prepared. Newcastle see Šeško as the ideal striker in case Isak leaves, as now he wants to go and try a new chapter. As revealed earlier, Newcastle are very keen on Šeško and the decision now depends on the player who’s assessing all his options for his move this summer.
🚨🔵 EXCLUSIVE: Everton are in advanced talks to sign Malick Fofana from Olympique Lyon. Official bid submitted and clubs now in direct talks, with Everton also in contact with player’s camp. Everton in discussions on personal terms with Fofana, talks underway. #EFC 🧨
Miguel Delaney: "Arsenal have intensified their efforts to sign Eze from Palace" "Insiders at the Club are confident of finishing this deal" "Player is eager to go to Arsenal" Mikel Arteta‘s side are Eze's top choice, as has previously been reported by The Independent, and those close to the player are confident a deal will be done in the next few weeks.
🚨Arsenal felt troubled by the finances involved in the Benjamin Sesko deal 💰 They felt they were being asked to pay a premium cost for a player who, at this stage of his career, still needs significant development ❌ Other clubs feel the same way during talks with RB Leipzig (The Athletic). #afc
🚨🚨💣 Gyökeres: “To score in this kit and with this badge in front of all the ARSENAL FANS… I cannot wait, It will be an amazing feeling”.
//, : - + : WAFCON : “They Understood the Assignment” — Pres Tinubu Congratulates the Super Falcons for Beating Morocco to Lift the Trophy for the th Time.
🚨🇨🇴 FC Bayern reach full agreement to sign Luis Diaz from Liverpool, here we go! €m package agreed and authorization for medical also confirmed from #LFC. Lucho wanted to leave, Liverpool accept the conditions and Diaz will now sign a four year deal at Bayern. 🔴⚪️✈️
Lionesses avenge Spain and retain Euro title years after World Cup heartbreak
𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: ENGLAND HAVE WON THE EUROS FOR THE SECOND TIME IN A ROW. 🏆 🏆 BACK-TO-BACK CHAMPIONS! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Liverpool are ready to go 𝐛𝐢𝐠 for Alexander Isak after selling Luis Diaz 💣🔴 Isak, keen on the move to Liverpool… and not even in talks with Saudi clubs now, only dreaming of the Reds. Up to Newcastle now to decide what they wanna do… with Liverpool preparing a 𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐛𝐢𝐝 if doors open 👀
A meeting will be held this week to finalize Gianluigi Donnarumma's departure. PSG has opened the door to negotiations with a foreign club. Chelsea FC and Galatasaray are among the most interested. []
🚨🇪🇸 A new rule will be introduced in Spanish football this season: Coaches will be able to request VAR interventions: 👉 Each coach will have two requests per match. 👉 If the request is correct, both requests will be retained. (Source: )
💰🚨 Most money spent on transfers in football history, according Transfermarkt: ️⃣ Chelsea: €.bn ️⃣ Man City: €.bn ️⃣ Juventus: €.bn ️⃣ Man Utd: €.bn ️⃣ Real Madrid: €.bn
𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: UEFA made a loss of between €M and €M with the organization of the women EUROs.
🚨 Fabrizio Romano on Donnarumma: The player will most likely stay at PSG until his contract expires next summer and leave as free agent. GLOBAL HOME OF FOOTBALL | Live All Summer Long | DAZN.com | #FIFACWC #TakeItToTheWorld
🚨 Manchester United have ruled out a move for Nicolas Jackson due to cost. ()
Ori Chelsea ti buru
Who go buy Jackson for m?
They don sell Felix for £m so e dey sweet them
🚨🔴🔵 Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to accelerate for Ilya Zabarnyi as Tottenham were never concrete or in serious talks despite reports. Zabarnyi wants PSG and add-ons structure is being discussed with Bournemouth. Almost there. ⏳
🇪🇸🧠 Cesc Fabregas with a speech to his Como players after a pre-season match. 🗣️ "This is the energy... if we play like this, believe me, we will have a lot of fun." 🔵⚪️
Sebi na Saudi money b that
Even Saudi self no come near him because e no worth am
m or make them hold am
Good player but that league easy to have this stats
When you’re good you’re good
Olise dey ball before hin comot for Crystal palace
Does he have goal contribution in a season but he made the move to Bayern? No doubt he's good but the league not being very competitive helps him achieved this stats. Same thing can be said about Sancho, before he moved to BVB he didn't cut it, but look how impressive he's stats were when he got to the league, now compare it to when he returned to the EPL. Jovic too before he moved to Madrid has an impressive stats but couldn't even bag half of the stat in la liga
When you’re good you’re good Football doesn’t work like that, should I start mentioning premier league players that move to other league and flop???
Players even move from one club to other club in the same league and still flop so what are you saying?
You can be good but if your style of play doesn't adapt to the league you move too, there's no way you're getting that impressive stats - that's just the fact! Diego forlan had a fantastic WC before moving to England but couldn't even hack as good as he is, Shevchencko was a ballon d'Or winner before moving to Chelsea yet he didn't have an impressive stats before leaving the league - not to mention recent players. You can be good but if you don't adapt to the league and the environment (which is also an external factor) there's no way you will have an amazing stats or career in that league
He was playing at crystal palace brr He played league matches in / and he scored goals and provided assists
Agreed! However, Olise having this stats isn't just because he's good alone, the league is also favourable to his style and he's playing with quality players. Does he have above g/a in a season in the EPL before leaving?
He didn't clock g/a! How about before then did he do it? But his first season in the Bundesliga he had above that which is a testament to my point
What am telling you is, it’s not that he’s playing in any easy league, he is good ni If it’s as easy as you said then other players moving from premier league to there should be as productive as he was
You can be good as a player and still not hack it if you don't adapt well. Look at McTominay for example, he's good but he never had a fantastic season for united as he had for Napoli, what does that tell you? It shows the league suited him well and he adapted well to the league. Not everyone is Ronaldo, Messi, Ibra, Neymar, Mbappe,
Man stepped up his game and started adding numbers but you don’t want to give him his flowers saying he’s playing in easy league
Baba, he's a good player but him adapting to the league and the league being suited to his style are also a contributing factor to his impressive stats
Bro, it’s not just about the league
We too dey carry premier league for head like if you never excel at pl o you’re not that good
Bundesliga no be easy league that’s what me am telling you
This is what you said You said the league easy and na why he get this kain stat
Harry Kane scored league goal at the same league ooo
Juan Sebastian not Marco Van Basten
I be legend ....show last season table
You don’t watch Olise closely that’s why you’re saying this He was playing at crystal palace which has never been in premier league top in last season until last season, throughout his time there, the team was just another average premier league club / he was playing at Reading, Championship he played games, scored goals and provided assists Olise is years now, His first premier league appearances was in / and he played matches score just goals and provided assists The following season / he played games and scored goals with assists And in / he started adding numbers at the same crystal palace playing games and scored goals with assists Almost all top premier league team was all over him but he chooses to go Bayern
Bro, this stat you provided just backed my motion but no yawa make we leave the matter! Wetin dey sup for transfer, is Liverpool going in for Isak?
What am telling you his he has already find his feet before leaving crystal palace Playing premier league games at crystal palace and scoring goals with assists no be joke
He went to a well organized team and his stat improved much more better
It’s not about playing is Bundesliga or not
That’s what me am telling you, Bundesliga is not easy league When you’re good, you’re good
Bro, no doubt he found his feet. But if he had found his feet before he left and he was unable to replicate that form he got into the new league or couldn't adapt to the league and he dropped numbers below g/a, would we have considered him not good? No, and why is that, because he's yet to adapt to the league or find his feet in the new league!
Bro, league matters, not every one who moves to a new league made it and it's not because they're not good, it's because they were unable to adapt to it.
I don’t say league doesn’t matter This conversation started bcos you said he was able to have that stat bcos he’s playing at easy league
Shinji Kagawa was a good player and played so well in the Bundesliga. He was bought by Man United but he couldn't replicate that amazing performance that made united bought him in the EPL - he just had an ok time at United
Yeah, BUNDESLIGA EASY! What does one team dominating a league tells you?
There’s different between class and form Some players go just dey inform and he’ll get signed, most of all these players are just average players who are in form and got signed
Like City did not dominate pl too
When last did Wolfsburg, B. Mochenglabach, Hoffenheim, Werder Bremen, Leipzig, won the league
Like other teams didn't win the league in between. Someone that won the league for good or so season consecutively,
Olise sef na average and truth's most of these modern players are average! I watched class players played in their time to know, so I'm not gassed about these players.
Na football wey don dey dey effect by media they make person dey hype some of these players if not we no go dey over hype players like Neto, Garnacho, Rodrigo, Olise etc
Guy’s, Football isn’t easy to be honest. But is depend on team and coach that players is playing with… no doubt
Olise is not average, maybe not a top class yet but he’s above average
Gbam! You fit good enter a new team and league make you look like league player
I hear you
Aswear
Nothing is essy It’s their work and they earning big, is the work you’re doing easy???
When you’re good, you’re good
He never said it's easy "football isn't easy" he what he said
Olise fits in any team that sabi do possession
Smile Don’t misquotes me brother
I didn’t misquote you You said football is not easy and i said nothing is easy but when you’re good, you’re good Don’t you see how Palmer make football look so easy???
No be everybody be CR or Messi! Becks was exceptional at United but wasn't has good like that at Madrid, same with Owen at Liverpool before moving to Madrid and others too.
Abi Coutinho no good for Liverpool, why he no replicate that exceptionality for Barcelona or was he an average or not good that's why he couldn't?!
Football is more than what we’re thinking….
Lol
Una just dey go on and off for this argument
Nowadays most professional footballers play for money not passion
The word EASY you said started all this long talk
And that’s what me am standing on
You're keeping your motion that "When you're good you're good" and I'm providing you instance or making reference to players that were even better than Olise but made a to another league and couldn't replicate those exceptionality. Now does that make them not a good player? You never answered or gave your opinion on that! So, i rest my case!!!!!!
Baba i remain on that, the league EASY!
Lmao
Bundesliga easy, lol
In the last decade, how many Bundesliga team has reached the UCL final except from Munchen and Dortmund??
Except!!!!
Is Laliga easy???
Or aside or excluding or with the exception - anyone that works for you
Why shifting the goalpost and moving to La Liga when our conversation has been on the Bundesliga
Just answer with yes or no
When you refused to answer my questions - it doesn't work that way bro
The exceptions you made, are they not from Bundesliga???
No league is easy ooo.....
Even neighborhood league self no easy
When Madrid keep winning champions league like say na them own am Does that make it an easy competition???
Lol, I told you Munchen has been dominating a league which supports my motion that the league is Easy! Now i asked to mention other teams excluding the team that has been dominating the league that has reached the UCL final in the last decade, you didn't provide any answer! Now i take back the inclusion of Dortmund, now name the teams?
I wonder 💭
You're just shifting the goalpost. Make we leave this matter
The problem we have here is just that you don’t want to go back on your word saying Bundesliga is easy
When Manches United was dominating epl does that make the league easy???
When a team win a league for consecutive seasons while playing more than league games every season, do you consider that league competitive? Now, have made it easier, since you have been dodging my question
It’s their time brother 😂
E fit be tomorrow make them relegate 😂
Who know say Man U go dey battle position 😂
Manchester United has never won it times in a row nor times sef, so the difference is like night and day
If Bayern relegate na in be say, aye ti ri di wan, wan gberu wan lateyin 😂
Must you talk am so everyone go know 🌝
Man city won it times in a roll in the so called most competitive league and that doesn’t change it to be an easy
I don't because I'm not convinced it's not easy
Agreed! But it changed hands after the fifth. Even an unknown Leicester city came from the championship an won it. But for good years haba ma na
Do you even know Bundesliga is the rd best league in the world??
And you said it’s easy
Lol
Money, management, Quality players and coach can make club’s great all time. And you can’t expect quality players to go for small club if is age is still valid okay…
Third or not i still maintain my point -- I no really rate the league
Let’s end the conversation then it’s obvious we’ll just keep going back and forth on this matter
All this made them (Munchen) dominate the league hence making all other teams inferior to them and made it (league) easy for them has they cruise past their way to triumph every season. Story of a team/club making the league easy for their self
I don wan rest since na you no gree o
You don win The league is easy
Dortmund currently debating whether to make an approach for Jadon Sancho. Manchester United prepared to sell for £m (€m). Price has now dropped lower than Chelsea's £m obligation to buy. Juventus are still in talks with Sancho as well.🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Alejandro Garnacho also still expected to leave in the coming weeks and is prioritising a move within the Premier League. Argentine winger would welcome an approach from Chelsea. #CFC could potentially sign Xavi Simons and Garnacho.🇦🇷
Gernacho na spurs go sign him last last
Another overhyped player, even spurs no go sign - Chelsea ma kowo wa
Too much hyping didn't help him
Garnacho is okay to be a squad player
He didn’t help himself He’s a very lazy player
💯 it's the situation united found their self that made him feel he's all that! Coach don humble am now, he never see suitors wey go negotiate him buying price
That's the situation with these present players, lazy to put in the work but ready to demand huge wages
That’s why I said United standard has fallen, he wouldn’t come closer to be a starter
We the united fans know the standard and everything about the club has fallen for a long time now. Hopefully Ruben could help bring back the club to the top and honestly, changes has been going on
🗣 Guillem Balague on Joâo Felix: "It doesn't seem there is any turning point for him. It drives coaches mad. They see the potential but he'll never fulfil it. It's a mental thing. It's not that he's not bothered - but he's not listening."
Guillem Balague on Joao Felix: 🗣 "Because of the potential he had there's always the hope things will change but, to be honest, all the clubs he's been at recently come out with the same conclusion – he's not a modern forward in terms of work-rate. He doesn't want to change what he offers to football and that takes you to a limit."
Garna would never have been a squad player in united sef
🎯
And these days coach are not ready to sacrifice for you if you're not willing to put in the work and if your output in terms of goals, assist and performance doesn't improve on the pitch
Exactly You’re not Messi or Ronaldo them you have put in that work, even Ronaldo sef dey hustle for ball
Then go collect ball from Felix, he go just dey waka follow the player
I listened to John Terry's interview, he said "Hazard was one of the lazy players when it comes to training but a day or two before a match, he gets prepared. And he proved to be a difference maker on the pitch on game days. Mourinho saw it and told us, you guys are not as good as him, he will win us games, now you've to make sure you run for him, tackle for him, and defend because he won't do that" fast forward to the end of the season, they won the league
Do you get, at baba still dey chase ball. Even Messi dey chase ball but you wan con dey form Godfather for pitch
That thing dey vex me ehn, Rashford don am for united na but when nigga enter villa see how he dey chase ball dey go help defend sef
Now look at him Felix is a player I really like oo cause he’s good but na that yeye attitude fuck him up
So make he kill himself abiii
Naso Madueke go con do for Arsenal too
Okay....
Nobody force player ....Na Chelsea dey always force players to play for them ...
Na wages u dey use entices players
Madueke we dey earn less than k at Chelsea
🚨👀 Borussia Dortmund are monitoring Leandro #Trossard. The y/o winger also has two concrete offers from Premier League clubs. A move in this window is possible. #BVB He is under contract at Arsenal until . 🇧🇪
How much in they earn when u sign him...no be k?
I no even know wetin he dey collect before joining Chelsea
Football talk fpl has been on for seasons and @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ as won it times It’s safe to say he’s the best manager in this group so far Mesef don don win am once, e no easy If e easy yousef run am Who’s winning this season FPL?? Is @⁨Brother Abd Afeez⁩ winning it again?! @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ Abeg no talk say you go win am
Football talk fpl is back Click on the link to join if you haven’t
I still they active ooo
Na here I be best manager ooo....the fantasy group i created a no they number th position
The other group wey Mesef dey na like heavy number I dey always dey but here I dey top
I go win am
This link no carry me enter app oo naw website
Do am wey he go enter app direct
I will also drop my fantasy link here...so u can win latest jersey with customize /
Let me kuku send you the league code
Football talk fpl is back Click on the link to join if you haven’t League code: ylfk
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ join with the league code from the app
Okay
❤️🥺 Luis Diaz’s letter to Liverpool fans… Three years and a half that I'll treasure forever. I arrived with all the dreams in the world, and I am leaving proud of everything we achieved together. I have met incredible people, fabulous colleagues, coaches who helped me a lot, and extraordinary fans. Liverpool is, indeed, a special team, and I will keep everyone in my heart. The cycle ends here, and it is so gratifying to look back and realize how happy we were. Not only because of the trophies we won, but for the union and friendship that made it all possible. There were ups and downs, as there always are, but there was always truth. As it should be in a family. It's good to be leaving with the feeling of a duty fulfilled, and, most of all, to be leaving a champion. It would have been the perfect goodbye if we hadn't lost one of ours in such a tragic way. As I said, and I repeat, I carry everyone with me in my heart, but one of them in particular: Diogo. I will never forget him. We will never forget him. Thank you for everything. YNWA!
Lionel Messi will begin playing with a dedicated body-mounted camera starting August , , during select Leagues Cup matches—this feature is part of the “Player Spotlight: Messi” initiative, produced by MLS, Inter Miami CF, Apple TV, and TikTok
The Messi Cam is a live‑tracking camera focused solely on Lionel Messi throughout certain matches, capturing his movements and reactions in real time.
Viktor Gyokeres' No shirt is already breaking sales records. The number has special significance to Arsenal fans, given it was worn by the legendary Thierry Henry. But he does not want comparisons - Gyokeres, was hell-bent on joining Arsenal, wants to write his own story in north London. #AFC
🚨🚨📉 Manchester United dropped Sancho’s final price down to £m, reports GiveMeSport. 👋
🚨 Sunderland are in talks to sign Marc Guiu on loan. () #CFC
🚨 𝐇𝐄𝐑𝐄 𝐖𝐄 𝐆𝐎! Chelsea agree deal to sign Jorrel Hato as new defender from Ajax 🔵🇳🇱 Fee in excess of €m and contract until June with Hato waiting green light to travel for medical ✈️ New defender for Enzo Maresca, coming soon ⭐️
Jorrel Hato on joining Chelsea: "I asked my best friend Jurriën Timber for advice, and he told me if I want to win trophies, I should go to Chelsea."
Lolll.... He better make he see playing time
So, Timber knew Arsenal is not a club that wins trophy 😂
Awon Olotee
Fake
Yes...
We don't care
"Football is not a long lifetime career, you play it for like - years bearing injuries, so I've learnt to spend wisely and invest the money I earn" – Victor Osimhen
🚨 𝐔𝐏𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄: Alexander Isak decides to keep waiting for Liverpool, his 𝐨𝐧𝐥𝐲 choice 🔴💭 Isak doesn’t return to team training this week, focused on Liverpool move despite links with Al Hilal… not true. Personal terms never gonna be an issue, as choice has been made weeks ago: Isak wants 𝐋𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐨𝐥 as priority. Isak also aware of Liverpool prepared for record bid if Newcastle will open doors to sale, up to the Magpies.
🚨🇮🇹 Gigio Donnarumma and his camp do not rule out to stay at Paris Saint-Germain. Even with contract expiring in June and Chevalier coming soon, Gigio could stay and compete for his spot as he did with Navas… …and then, decide his future in the next months.
Excl. - 🔜 Done Deal and confirmed! Xavi #Simons will sign for #Chelsea from #Leipzig. Contract until with the option for . #transfers #CFC
Kim Kardashian said: 🎙️"I know this is going to sound crazy, but I'm in love with Jude Bellingham." 🎙️" Since the day Jude Bellingham kissed me, I haven't been myself. No matter how hard I try, I can't stop thinking about him. Turns out he's not just good at football, he's good at everything". 🎙️" I'm older than him, but age is just a number, and I think I've found my better half in him. He's my soulmate, and I can't wait."
🥶🥶 Gyökeres: “Man United? Some clubs tried to sign me, YES… but for me was ONLY ARSENAL”. 👀
❤️🥲 Victor Osimhen: “I got offered BIG MONEY but my love for Galatasaray is BIGGER”. 🇳🇬
😂Kimberly is crazy
🚨 𝐔𝐏𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄: Alexander Isak decides to keep waiting for Liverpool, his 𝐨𝐧𝐥𝐲 choice 🔴💭 Isak doesn’t return to team training this week, focused on Liverpool move despite links with Al Hilal… not true. Personal terms never gonna be an issue, as choice has been made weeks ago: Isak wants 𝐋𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐩𝐨𝐨𝐥 as priority. Isak also aware of Liverpool prepared for record bid if Newcastle will open doors to sale, up to the Magpies.
Antōnio Cønte 🗣️----I find it quïte amüsing how Gãlatasaray is feting Vìctor Osimhên like a supêrstar! 🙄 Just wait until they reãlize why Nãpoli mãde the smart decision to let him go. Osimhên who became ungrãteful to Nãpoli where we nutured his career and mãde him who he's today 😀 I wish Gãlatasaray and Nãpoli might just meet in the Champions League knockout stage. And when that happens, Romelu Lukaku and I will show them what it means to be a true team player! 💥🔥 Bring it on!" 💪
Alexander Isak is doing individual training at former club Real Sociedad. He is accompanied by his own team of personal trainers. Newcastle say Isak is recovering from a minor thigh injury. Swedish striker asked not to travel to Asia as he awaits clarity on his future.🇸🇪
#Fulham are interested in signing #ACMilan’s winger Samuel #Chukwueze. Opened talks. #transfers #FFC
#Liverpool are ready to submit a bid around -M to #Newcastle to try to sign Alexander #Isak, who has already agreed personal terms with #LFC as an exclusive revealed. #transfers
‼️ Alejandro Garnacho has made Chelsea his first choice. ~
m
That's wat Chelsea want to bid on him
Chelsea have no fears over Alejandro Garnacho's character after conducting background checks. Club now playing a waiting game over potential bid.
🚨✅ OFFICIAL: West Ham have confirmed that Lucas Paqueta has been cleared of all the alleged betting breaches against him.
🚨⚪️ Tottenham and João Palhinha’s camp have been in contact in the last weeks and the player is keen on the move. Palhinha, open to Spurs switch to play more regularly and return to Premier League football. Talks will follow with Bayern as #THFC initially consider a loan.
Both of them like play play
🚨⚪️🔴 EXCLUSIVE: Sunderland agree deal to sign Marc Guiu on loan from Chelsea, here we go! Deal in place for straight loan, no buy option clause as Guiu remains part of Chelsea long term plans. Salary covered by #SAFC as he’ll be an important striker for Le Bris plans.
🚨⚠️ Yoane Wissa has informed again today Brenford management about his desire to leave the club. He doesn’t want to return to training, insisting to leave and get Champions League opportunity. Newcastle remain in active talks with Wissa while they also work on Šeško deal.
🗣 Saul Niguez on João Felix: "He has everything it takes to be a champion, but if you don't work hard, it's useless. We've tried many times to help him, but if someone doesn't want to… Talent without commitment isn't enough." {El Partidazo de Cope}
So Felix is lazy and has no commitment
Yeah He has the potential to be a world class but not ready to be committed and put in work, talent is never enough That’s why no team is actually ready to keep him
Liverpool have no plans as it stands to bid again for Alexander Isak this window after their first offer of £m was rejected.
Newcastle don mad... Then bought him for m n Liverpool carry m come and then reject it
Na Isak cause am right from the beginning
How?
He should have let it be known much more earlier that he’s not staying New castle were ready to go for Eketike as his replacement
Do you get! After every clubs that needed a striker have already gone and sign one, then you handed out a transfer request.
Abi ooo
The game New castle are playing is what I still don’t understand Player don talk say he dey go and his preferred team to go don bid , Liverpool won’t go higher than that
Isak is just another addition for them and it’s not a must buy for them again since they’ve already gotten a player with similar profile
I understand why Newcastle rejected the offer. Can't sell when you're not sure if the player (Sesko) you want to sign has replacement is ready to join.
It's a risk they're not willing to take
Keeping a player who’s not ready to stay will definitely affect the squad If they sell him now they’ll definitely get another striker, the problem is just that Ekitike was their first choice if Isak leave cause he’s similar to Isak but Liverpool don buy their target already
Send him to the reserve, render him useless and fully fit for till January transfer window.... Then go all out and sign a striker
Turning down to do this
Sometimes it's not always about the money
Mind you without selling him for that price they could get another player for that same price
But Liverpool sef dey vex ooo Ekitike and Isak are similar players, both player cannot be a starter
One go warm bench for the other and it's obvious say na Ekitikete go warm the bench or play out of position
Even if of position, na bench he go still dey or else he put in a very exceptional performance
Then know both of them can't pick at a time
Exactly what i meant cause he would have people to compete with for the other position. Honestly, I'm not sure if he will hit the ground running
Sure, but one will get more playing time than the other
We all know if they get Isak, he’s walking into the starting eleven
Isak knows the league already and has also proven to be good striker Ekitike is coming from other league and we’re yet to see what he’s really made off
goals in all the matches
Not sure yet
I doubt he’ll have goals in this first matches oo
Let wait n see
Those watches are going to be tough and he’s still settling
💯💯
I go carry my bruno
Mesef no dey rate am but let’s wait and see
Post firmino Liverpool never get lucky with striker
He fit use front of Wirtz-Etikite-Salah Gakpo and Etikete go dey rotate
Wirtz is more of an attacking midfielder but let’s see wetin go sup
True but their preseason games wey he don play, na wing he play....their first game na Bournemouth, so na easy win that one go be
⚖️ Three former Real Madrid players face years and months in prison for consensual sexual relations with two minors in a hotel in the Canary Islands. The Spanish prosecutor is seeking a two and a half years of prison sentence for Raul Asencio. Asencio reportedly did not participate in the sexual act but requested the video to show it to a friend.
🚨EXCL Armando Broja is set to join Burnley. Agreement reached with Chelsea. The player has been given the green light to travel today for the medical.
🚨 Benjamin Šeško will make his final decision soon. Newcastle informed Leipzig last week: they’re set to match their request, same for player terms. ⚪️⚫️ Man United still there, in contact with Leipzig as well, set to bid if Šeško chooses them. 🔴🔛
Exclusive: Brentford now prepared to let Yoane Wissa leave providing a striker is found. Softening of their not-for-sale position from earlier in the window. Wissa didn’t play in Brentford’s friendly against QPR. But club and player now working towards an August exit. Newcastle are prepared to place a new bid. Wissa’s priority is #UCL football. Spurs also enquired this summer.🐝
🗣️ Eddie Howe on Alexander Isak. "The reality is we had the first bid from Liverpool yesterday. That was turned down. From this point onwards, let's see what happens next. There are people back in England dealing with the situation. "I really don't know what is going to happen next but, from our perspective, we still support Alex in every way and my wish is still that we see him in a Newcastle shirt again. "The situation is far from ideal and it's quite complex."
James Milner has chosen to change his Brighton shirt to No. to honour Diogo Jota. "I wanted to do it as a mark of respect and pay tribute to Diogo. I was fortunate to play with him, and he was a great friend. It will be a great honour to wear his number." 🙏
🚨 Exclusive: LAFC and Spurs now in advanced talks over a fee in the region of $m (£m) for Son Heung-min. Personal terms not an issue after Son agreed to move.🇰🇷 With .✍️
🔴 Leipzig have received the written offer from Newcastle (€m + €m). The offer has so far neither been accepted nor rejected. Manchester United are still fully in the race as well. Red Devils have made it clear that they are ready to enter the bidding. A bidding war may be about to start. Further talks are planned for the evening. Open race.
#LATEST: Xavi Simons has OFFICIALLY informed RB Leipzig of his desire to join Chelsea. His departure is now seen as very close. Chelsea are pushing hard and preparing a fresh move to wrap things up quickly. #BlueCo | #CFC
🔴 Some reports claims Manchester United are preparing a bid for Fermin Lopez. 🇪🇸 Barcelona want to keep their midfielder but, facing financial issues, won’t rule out a sale if the offer arrives.
@⁨~⁩ is the rumor about Bruno to Al Nassr true???
No, he already turned down a £m+ move to Al Hilal before the start of the preseason. He has no plans to leave plus the coach wants him
🥶🆕 Chelsea believe both Xavi Simons and Ale Garnacho are KEY TARGETS for the next days. The Blues really want BOTH. 🧨
🚨💙 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Alejandro Garnacho has been clear, he WANTS CHELSEA as total PRIORITY. 💣
#Liverpool are still working to try to sign Alexander #Isak from #Newcastle, despite the first bid (M) rejected. The swedish striker has an agreement in principle with #LFC and asked to #NUFC to be sold. #transfers
🔴 Further talks regarding Benjamin Sesko took place last night and have been continuing since this morning. Sesko’s agents are still in Leipzig. Negotiations are ongoing. As reported: Manchester United are ready to match Newcastle’s offer. Everything depends on Sesko. A top situation for Leipzig, who would welcome a possible bidding war. Newcastle’s offer was attractive for Leipzig – but the payment structure would need to be adjusted.
Newcastle prepared to improve their €m+€m offer to Leipzig with optimism a fee and structure can be agreed. Fixed fee already meets Leipzig’s valuation. Manchester United also held talks with Leipzig on Saturday evening. Both clubs waiting on Benjamin Sesko’s decision, which is now expected quickly. Newcastle now feel in a position to move fast on the club-to-club side. Manchester United yet to place any formal bid, but one will be forthcoming if Sesko gives the green light. Leipzig aware.🇸🇮
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Ademola Lookman has now officially asked Atalanta to 𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞 the club ⚠️🇳🇬 Lookman has handed in a transfer request today after Italian side rejected Inter opening bid earlier this week. Lookman wants to join Inter and made it clear again… with direct statement to the club while Atalanta insist on fee higher than €m first bid to let him go ⚫️🔵
Man United matching this fee is all form of craziness
Jorrel Hato: "I’m very excited, I’m so happy to be here. I thought a lot about my future and wanted to take the next step in my career. #Chelsea is the best place for me to do that so I’m very happy." [via ]
🚨⚠️ Thomas Frank: “James Maddison’s injury looks bad. It was a brutal moment”, says via .
Chelsea are closing in on the signing of RB Leipzig star Xavi Simons
🚨👋🏼 Rúben Amorim: “Alejandro Garnacho is a really talented boy... but sometimes things don't work out”. “You cannot explain specifically what it is. It's clear he wants a different thing with a different leadership”, told BBC. Chelsea, on it as revealed. 🔵👀
🚨🔵 EXCLUSIVE: Everton submit official bid for Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall to join on permanent deal from Chelsea. Club to club talks underway, Chelsea open to this option with discussions ongoing on terms with #EFC.
🚨 EXCL: Burnley reach agreement with Chelsea to sign Lesley Ugochukwu. yo set to travel for medical & complete permanent move from #CFC to #BurnleyFC on yr contract. France youth int’l significantly bolsters Scott Parker options at No/
NONE!!!!
Mine I will replace Kroos for lampard or Gerard
If we are adding both retired players, I have lot of options that would replace Kroos - Zizu, Seedorf, Pirlo, Scholes, Guti, Ozil,
Makalele, Ballack, Lahm, if I'm to go for DMs
✅
Despite his ongoing suspension, Mykhailo Mudryk has reportedly assumed an unofficial role as a personal trainer to some of his Chelsea teammates, including Marc Cucurella, Romeo Lavia and Jamie Gittens. New signing Estevão Willian expected to join.
Not true
RB Leipzig have 𝙍𝙀𝙅𝙀𝘾𝙏𝙀𝘿 Newcastle's bid of €m + €m for Benjamin Sesko, per David Ornstein 😳❌
Newcastle will back off from him now... Striker plenty outside
Then mad
Transfer market don spoil patapata oo
Good
If this guy no commot Leipzig dis summer ...e will regret it oo
cool guy😁
🚨 𝐔𝐏𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄: Chelsea set to advance on 𝐚𝐭𝐭𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐲𝐞𝐫𝐬 𝐞𝐱𝐢𝐭𝐬 to bring in new signings 🔵🔀 🇫🇷 Christopher Nkunku, due to leave with talks on. 🇸🇳 Jackson can leave in case of important proposal. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Raheem Sterling is due to leave with clubs keen. 🇪🇸 Marc Guiu leaves to join Sunderland, loan deal. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Tyrique George can leave, German clubs on it. 🇦🇱 Armando Broja to Burnley on permanent deal. …as focus will be on 𝐗𝐚𝐯𝐢 𝐒𝐢𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐆𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐚𝐜𝐡𝐨 👀
As we dey buy we dey sell heavily
Chelsea they make a transfer market to generate money well....
Na Chelsea or man united fan be this
Click on the link to join football talk fpl
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
U na they fear nii
I don join am
Na me go win am this season
Loll
Loll
🚨 EXCL: Newcastle United make improved bid to RB Leipzig for Benjamin Sesko. New offer worth at least €m after positive talks between clubs & with yo striker. Nothing agreed but #RBLeipzig currently favour #NUFC + no #MUFC proposal yet
Wahala
Newcastle United head coach Eddie Howe insists Alexander Isak has "to earn the right to train with us" following recent media reports about his future at the club. Isak has been the subject of transfer speculation this summer. Premier League champions Liverpool have been linked with the forward, who scored goals for Newcastle last season. The -year-old returned to Newcastle on Monday, having spent time training separately at his former club Real Sociedad. "You have to earn the right to train with us," said Howe. "He's like any other player, we would expect him to come in and train as normal." 'You have to act in the right way' Isak, who scored the winner against Liverpool in last season's EFL Cup final, to help Newcastle end their -year wait for domestic silverware, missed the Magpies' pre-season trip to South Korea. "We are Newcastle United," Howe continued. "The player has a responsibility here to be part of a team and part of a squad - you have to act in the right way. So that is also at play here. "We will make sure that any player does that, to earn the right to train with the group. No player can expect to act poorly and then train with the group as normal." Newcastle kick off their Premier League campaign at Aston Villa on Saturday August.
🚨🚨🌕| BREAKING: Jules Koundé has officially signed a new contract with Barcelona — all documents are completed and approved. The defender is now tied to the club until . [] 🔵🔴🌟✅
Thomas Partey has arrived at Westminster Magistrates’ Court to face charges of raping two women. He is accused of five counts of rape and one count of sexual assault following alleged offences between and .
🚨🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: After Newcastle’s €M BID, Manchester United told Leipzig they are also READY TO BID for Sesko… …if the player decides to join them. 👀🏁
Man united no ready
If them really ready them go don bid for am instead of talking
Abiii ooo
Then get striker nahh Hojlund
Hoodlum He used to be a good striker sha, na when he reach Man U everything change for am but let’s wait and see if he’ll find his feet this season
Which feet he will find They play e won't find any thing
Spot on✅ He’s very similar to Haaland, just that Haaland is in balanced and well organized team Let’s wait and see what he has to offer this season
😂😂😂
*Summary of the charges against Partey* Now the hearing is over we can give you a brief summary of the charges that were read out by prosecutor Jocelyn Ledward KC. Charge : Anal rape of Complainant between April and May . Complainant alleges one occasion when engaging in consensual vaginal sexual intercourse and Thomas Partey penetrated her anus with his penis without her consent. Allegation reported to police in February and Partey arrested an interviewed in July . Charge : Anal rape of Complainant between April and June . Multi-incident allegation where Complainant alleges Thomas Partey inserted his penis into her anus without her consent on at least four occasions. Partey attended a voluntary interview in November . Charge : Vaginal rape of Complainant in December . Thomas Partey asked Complainant for sex, she said she did not want to, but he allegedly penetrated her vagina with his penis anyway without consent. The allegation was made to police in February and Partey attended a voluntary interview in March . Charge : Anal rape of Complainant in February . It is alleged Thomas Partey asked Complainant for anal sex, she did not want to, but he put his penis in her anus anyway. This was reported to police in September , but the allegation was not put to Partey during his voluntary interview in March . Charge : Vaginal rape of Complainant in Marbella in June . Complainant alleges Thomas Partey vaginally raped her in Spain. Partey was interviewed about this in July . Charge : Sexual assault of Complainant in February . It is alleged Thomas Partey sexually assaulted Complainant when she attended his address by lying on top of her, trying to kiss her, and touching her all over her body over clothing without consent. She tried to push him off and after a couple of minutes he stopped. He attended a voluntary interview about this in February .
Jorge Costa, the captain of FC Porto’s Champions League-winning side of , has died aged . The former central defender, who was working as Porto’s football director, passed away from a cardiac arrest on Tuesday, the Portuguese club confirmed. He had been taken to hospital earlier in the day after feeling unwell at the club’s Olival training complex. The centre-back, known for his fierce competitiveness, spent years at Porto and won trophies at the club — including the Champions League in and the UEFA Cup the previous season.
Florian Wirtz insists his price tag will not weigh him down at Liverpool as he prepares for a season of scrutiny. It’s early days for the record signing but already he’s beginning to show the impact he can have. As Wirtz told reporters ahead of the new season, he’s committed to putting in the hard yards for the team and that will only strengthen the Premier League champions. #LFC
𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: Thomas Partey bail conditions: • Not allowed to contact any of the women involved in the case • Must notify police of any address changes • Must notify police of International traveling
Make Barcelona sign him
🚨 Manchester United closing in on deal to sign Benjamin Sesko from RB Leipzig. #RBLeipzig accepted €.m + €.m bid from Newcastle United but yo striker wants #MUFC. No club-to-club agreement yet but talks advancing towards conclusion
🚨 RB Leipzig speaking to Liverpool about possible move for Harvey Elliott. Situation at early stage but #RBLeipzig exploring + clubs talking. yo #LFC midfielder seen as potential replacement for Xavi Simmons. W/ post
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Benjamin Šeško has fully agreed personal terms with Manchester United 💣🇸🇮 Contract until 𝐉𝐮𝐧𝐞 𝟐𝟎𝟑𝟎 in place after exclusive story yesterday on his clear indications on club preference. Šeško wants to join Man United, clear feeling revealed here as he never gave same indication to other clubs. 🔛 Club to club talks with RB Leipzig continue as the German side want higher fee to get Šeško deal done.
🚨💣 | MAJOR BREAKING: Manchester United have made contact with Brighton, via intermediaries, over a possible deal for Carlos Baleba. []
This will be a very good addition oo
But Brighton dey try oo
Bissouma Caicedo Mac Allister Trossad Cucurella Joao Pedro Adingra Sanchez Pascal Omoh their scout sabi ooo
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ Ajeh, even if they no sign gk i no mind
Baleba na proper baller Sesko coming in too Be like say Man United don dey cook too oo
Nobody wan gree again oo
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ bro, we wan cook with sauce this season
You snooze you lose o
Walahiii All their cook na still go burn 🔥 to ashes... Then, no go do any miracle dis season ..
Bro you dey cap
Let see Then dey beat arsenal oooo....
You sef no say this season united go perform
Their main target this season is to get back to champions football
Those small kids
Yes...and then no go anywhere na conference or eauropa
Abi nahh
You sabi ball, we ain't chasing the league
Na pre season game jawe I no dey use am judge
Lol, no be by mouth - we go see who go enter Europa and conference
Better use am now, arsenal no go see anything do this season
Okay...
Click on the link to join football talk fpl
Since first match leleyiii
Them talk say na the same shoe he wear today
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Barcelona has decided to withdraw the captains armband off Ter Stegen, reports TV ©️🔵🔴🧨 It’s a drastic decision made by club board, following MATS’ refusal to give Barcelona his medical report. 𝐖𝐡𝐨 𝐬𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐥𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐧𝐞𝐰 𝐦𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐜𝐚𝐩𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧? 👀
Rashford
💯😂
🗣️ Jamie Carragher: "As a Liverpool fan, I don't want to see the club spend £M on Isak." 😳❌ "I can imagine he’s probably Liverpool’s number target, but it's not right to buy a striker for £M (Ekitike) and make him a substitute. That bothers me." 😬 "If they do, then nothing seems planned. You can’t have a plan to sign a striker for £M and then another for £M." "I’d love to see Isak at Liverpool, but at £M, you'd think he's Mbappé. For £M, you should be getting a player like Mbappé." 😮 Do you agree with Carragher?
Yeah, he’s right on this one Although na rubbish he dey always talk most time but na true be this
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: James Maddison has suffered 𝐀𝐂𝐋 𝐢𝐧𝐣𝐮𝐫𝐲, set to be out for / months 🤕 Major blow for Spurs and bad luck again for Madders ahead of new season… 𝒈𝒆𝒕 𝒘𝒆𝒍𝒍 𝒔𝒐𝒐𝒏, 𝑱𝒂𝒎𝒆𝒔! 🤍👊🏻
🚨🔴 Excl. detail | To make the deal with Manchester United possible, Benjamin #Sesko has agreed to waive part of his salary — he could have earned more at Newcastle. His agency, led by Elvis Basanovic, has also given up a significant share of the commission. This was necessary to push the move to Man United over the line. #MUFC Medical and contract signing (until ) are scheduled within the next hours. 🇸🇮
🚨✈️ Benjamin Šeško will fly to Manchester already tonight together with his agent, plan just confirmed. #MUFC want Šeško to complete medical tests and sign on Friday. ✍🏻
BREAKING: Al Nassr agree deal to sign Iñigo Martínez, here we go! 🟡🔵 Iñigo will terminate his contract at Barcelona with immediate effect and join Al Nassr as free agent. Contract until June plus option for further season until June .
E reach man United signing, you turn Fabrizio
How come dis guy terminate his contract and go for free
Gentlemen Agreement 🤝
🚨⚠️ Chelsea defender Levi Colwill has suffered ACL injury and will be out for majority of next season. He suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury at the end of his first training session back and has since had a scan followed by surgery.
Out for months
Same thing as Maddison
🚨 Inigo Martinez has already a MEDICAL booked by AL NASSR, the deal is completely DONE.
Gernacho to Chelsea too
🚨 ⚠️ 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: It’s COMPLETELY OVER between Chelsea and Nkunku. He will NOT PLAY ANYMORE, waiting to LEAVE.
🟡🔵 After Iñigo Martínez coming soon and João Félix done, Coman can be the next one for Al Nassr. Club to club negotiations started as Coman is now top target for Al Nassr at winger position. Team is looking good!
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Rodri has suffered 𝐢𝐧𝐣𝐮𝐫𝐲 setback, he will be out at least until mid September 🤕 Guardiola: “Rodri is getting better but had a big injury against Al Hilal. He’s trained better and we hope after international break is when he will be really fit”. 🏃🏼‍♂️🇪🇸
🚨🚨🤯 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: Barç give captain’s armband 𝒃𝒂𝒄𝒌 to Ter Stegen with immediate effect ©️ “Ter Stegen has signed the authorization for the club’s medical services to process official medical report to LaLiga”, Barcelona confirm as key step for decision. 𝐓𝐞𝐫 𝐒𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐞𝐧, 𝐛𝐚𝐜𝐤 𝐚𝐬 𝐁𝐚𝐫𝐜𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐚 𝐜𝐚𝐩𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧 💙❤️🔗
🚨EXCLUSIVE: Manchester United make offer to Brighton & Hove Albion for Carlos Baleba. Proposal £m+£m-reflects #MUFC value of yo & they believe midfielder open to move now. No reply yet from #BHAFC. #MUFC working to close deal
‼️Newcastle United have told Alexander Isak he will not be sold this summer move to Liverpool will be blocked.
Make i go pick my team
We dey wait for your team I know say United players go dey there
Me n ko?
You be best manager for here so far You go get atleast Arsenal players
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ you don sabi my logo
I might not get any for now
Before I introduce them will be after or matches
I will just pick players randomly from.small small team for jow
Now
Raya Saliba Are still safe to go for but I never trust any Arsenal attackers for now
😂😂😂
Abi ooo
I still dey think if make I carry Gyokeres or not
Not for now.....havertz will first goal before him unless we see penalty lo ku
They might give him to gear up
Am thinking Arteta might even start Havertz ahead of him for the first games sef
E will start ✨️ haverts or to start both of them
Click on the link to join and pick your squad Football talk fpl
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ how far Your team don ready??? You never hoin
🚨 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: Darwin Núñez joins Al Hilal, permanent deal from Liverpool completed 💙🇸🇦 Agreement worth €m plus add-ons as Darwin signs three year deal, top signing wanted by Simone Inzaghi. 𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝟏 𝐭𝐨 𝟏𝟎! ⭐️🇺🇾
My team never ready oo
🔥
No wonder Nicolas Jackson wants to leave, both Joao Pedro & Liam Delap are better finishers.
Omoh!!!! Una dey para oo🔥🔥🔥
But players from Spurs, I feel like it’s not a right call
Just my opinion sha
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ it's the team they're playing that made me go for it
I feel they could have a point over Burnley so they should be able to perform well
Oh Okay nah 👌
Why all of una no dey go Mbeumo??? He earned the second highest point in last season fpl
New team and with the team their facing (Arsenal) -- after games, he's coming into my team with solanke and Bowen out. Those crosses for Sesko would be too sweet
What if he starts Arrizabalega ahead of Raya and Gyokeres won't be scoring against Man utd
Omoh!!!!!!
Arteta can not start kepa ahead of raya
✅
Only Haaland is guaranteed a regular starter in man city team Guadiola fit no start one of the two Man city player you have
Raya is starting oo na the Keeper mesef go for be that
Doku still have a better chance of starting also
Okay oo
I have known Arteta well enough that when he gets a new shining toy, he neglect the one he once had. Did it with Ramsdale, Smith-Rowe, Tomiyasu, Zinchenko, the left-back before Zinchenko, G. Jesus.....m
No be for Raya Kepa sef know say na second choice he come do for Arsenal
And all these players you mentioned are not consistent and that’s why he find their upgrade
Raya way be say he dey save ball like mad
Raya go conceede this season oooo
The werey don dey do rubbish dis pre season
You mean Smith-Rowe wasn't consistent? Same guy that saved his ass that season (') before getting injured. His partnership with Odegard in that midfield was top notch even has a united fan, i envied it. Arteta himself said it and one of the reasons he didn't want him to leave and wanted them to tye him down with a contract. Ramsdale was also consistent before he had that episode of mistakes, same Jesus when he bought even Tomiyasu and the rest. I watched their game throughout that season, so i know what I'm saying
Maybe fear don dey catch him because of kepa shaa
I still don't trust Arteta
That one na defense error no be raya
They are not consistent doesn’t mean they’re not good, all these players you mentioned are just good to have squad depth, they’re just squad players
Injury made these guys not consistent. Rowe major injury Jesus Tomiyasu And one thing Arteta failed at his integrating them into the team properly after returning back from injury without showing that he doesn't need them anymore. Even the unbiased Arsenal fans will tell you the same thing If care isn't taken, Saka will suffer the same fate if the injury woes don't stop, he will get a new toy and forgets he ever had a life saver
Let me put it like this, all the players you mentioned earlier which one is walking straight into a starting players in your team, Manchester United???
For this FPL ehn na over sabi go koba mi I don change my team pass times 😂😂😂
When fit, GJ ahead of RH... BF x SR in the midfield... @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
I sha no wan see you for top
When fit??? And you’re going to rely on that one???
That one no possible for here😂
You don't expect players to play when injured na. Zirzkee for instance didn't play a single pre-season because he's injured and not fit, same goes for Onana. So, when they're not injured they would play
Abi shey Cowill go play for Chelsea has he no fit so abi na Fofana wan play
Na relegation zone you go lap this season 😂
All am saying is that players are not consistent, The moment you start using Gabriel Jesus day in day out like this, you’ll understand why coaches always prefer to go another striker instead of relying on him No doubt he’s a good player but not a player to lead any serious team attack
E get player wey dey always dey consistent for the whole games? E no dey, them must get their off days even una Palmer dey go off for some games, he fit just see goal score and e go overshadow him performance. That one dey happen but neglecting players to bench just because you got a new toy isn't a good player management from a coach
I never choose self
He’s good but never consistent, even leaving aside his injuries record he’s still not consistent to be a striker to lead a serious team attack
Be like say Arsenal no talk anything about Eze again
I see some news about him dis afternoon but am not sure if it's genuine
Do you know GJ isn't a typical traditional , he's the Berbatov or say Firmino type of . s that are creative, not the ones waiting for the game to smash it at the back of the net. So, for that type of you don't expect much goal rather creativity and assist. If Arteta and Arsenal had sign a proper when GJ was also signed, he would've been appreciated more
E no go genuine Aseju Eze, Martinelli tiwa okay
Martinelli never do una
When u they park dem no one talk ooo....Gernacho n Xavi still dey pending on ur list
E no do
Yet una no use am win anything
Madueke go play both left n right
Shebi this ones use am collect something
Thanks we shaaa no dey th position n we no owe any debts
Even with the th, my last yrs still better pass una
Let him win it ...na him time
Abi nahhh
Shishi una no go win, na still trophyless una go do
Arsenal fans no dey ever get shame
Okay..... U shaaa get upper hand pass all of us dis season...let see how many u go win .... Even top self u no go see
No be the same amount of player we sign, abi how we take get upper hand? Una even sign players pass us sef shior
U shaaa no dey any European competition na only london be ur tour dis season
Let bet... First games u na no go win
Me wey no dey and you wey go and still the same thing because una no go win am so why you dey call Pasuma for pekin wey una never conceive
See this Arsenal brother😂😂 BROTHER SIR, WE GO WIN GAMES
Let wait n see ..... With all ur acronym CMS ...... Cunha, Mbembo and Sesko
Let bet seeehhh If he sure for u
Baba, una no dey smell final sef. Ile lapoti joko dedi, as una go empty handed na so Arsenal go come back come meet Man U for England
Okay oooo Motigbo
BABA WE DEY WIN GAMES!!! YOU SEE SAY NA IN CAPS I DEY WRITE AM FOR YOU
Instead of una to dey prepare as una wan go trophyless again na another person team you dey do undercover agent for dey monitor
Na only teams u fit beat with flukes self
Bro even say na with fluke 😂 Abeg name them o,
Burnley Sunderland Just self
Make I add man city shaaa with ur flukes
So na only two you feel we go win for your mind
Bro, relax and watch
Yes....
No wham, God go save all of us to witness am
Olorun ma showa di gbayen loooo
Aamin
CHELSEA INBOUND
Na January then sign him nahhh...
Na Pep jare, nigga go buy every still no use them wella con sell them off. Grealish is sef is looking likely to join Everton
Pep don dey eye new toy. No be Jan na before season start. Na Khunsov, Marmoush, and that guy from Barce them sign for Jan
Buh savinho played pass doku last season nahh... Na savinho gave Halland most of assists self
Ok
True but if you Savinho for Girona and for City you go see say he played better in Girona style than this City's style but he was able to rack up assist because there wasn't much competition on that RW
Truly shaaa
Spurs go carry the boy 👦.... Man city go sell am above m like that
If i was his agent too, i would ask him to move to Spurs, he would fit Thomas Frank style. He has pace, good footwork and technical with the ball, he just needs more freedom to play his ball and he would thrive
Sure cos e be like Brentford no wan release Wissa and the guy wan comot
But spurs get players wey they play the wing nahh
Wissa go later go Newcastle
For that RW na Kulusevski. LW na Tel, Johnson (he fit play RW) but he go bench Johnson
Yeah be like Newcastle wan increase their offer
Yap
Savinho fit play for right side of the midfield depending of the formation Frank wan play
Wissa can still bang for them ..if then no use striker because I am not sure of Howe go use isak
That Johnson too good ooo
Na only kukusevki am doubting for because of his injury
Unless Isak work his way back into the team, Howe no go use am. Wissa go top for them has them get wings already
Johnson good but if Savinho fit get him rhythm he go bench Johnson
Na the problem be that
Then get kudus also self
Fans no go like Isak again...
And Newcastle attacker mad paaaaa..... Gordon, Wissa , Elanga
They don dey blast am sef but the guy sha wan comot
But the problem with those wings be say them no go dey consistent
Spurs self get players ooo
Walahi
This is still acceptable Johnson is good o I don’t think Savinho will come and bench him
No excuses next season… everyone’s got a striker now 😊🔥 Arsenal- gyökeres Chelsea- delap and pedro Liverpool- ekitike Manchester City- haaland Manchester United- šeško
Who gonna win highest goal scorer?
Add Salah too
🔜 Done Deal and confirmed! Kingslay #Coman to #AlNassr from #BayernMunich for €M. Contract until (€M/year). #transfers 🇸🇦
🚨💣 EXCL: Jack Grealish to Everton, here we go! Loan deal agreed with Man City and medical booked later today. Grealish said yes to #EFC project and he’s now set to complete his move in next hours. New addition for David Moyes. 🔵🃏
Ademola #Lookman’s situation has not changed: from Wednesday #Inter will return to talk with #Atalanta and are still confident to close the deal. The forward is the main target of Inter. Lookman has turned down several approaches from other clubs in the last days to wait Inter. Sources revealed that Atalanta will open the door to the sale as soon as they find the replacement.
🚨 𝐄𝐗𝐂𝐋𝐔𝐒𝐈𝐕𝐄: Manchester City are considering MOVE FOR RODRYGO after imminent exits! 💣😵 Grealish gone, McAtee and Savinho can leave soon as City see Rodrygo as dream target, Guardiola is big fan. Real Madrid will let him leave if Rodrygo wants to go… currently happy at Real, feels difficult to say goodbye. 👀🇧🇷 Real would ask around €m fee for Rodrygo.
Chai
🚨🗣️ Man UTD and Brighton will hold new talks in the coming hours, with MUFC expected to submit their bid for Carlos Baleba. The player wants the move, and Brighton - waiting for how the negotiation will develop - are already working cautiously on a potential replacement.
If man United can bring in Baleba and this am hearing they are also working on Donaruma too Omoh!!! Next season go hot ooo
That Dona deal dey give Ugarte vibe
If man utd bring in this two players Una suppose dey top oo
Sure, a solid midfielder and GK is what we need now but to sign a GK one GK in the team has to leave
🚨🔴⚪️ AS Monaco are interested in signing Newcastle defender Kieran Trippier, as per . The Ligue side are weighing up a move and are keen on the right-back. #NUFC are reluctant to part with the England international, a key figure for Eddie Howe, but Trippier has just one year remaining on his contract. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Arsenal have finished second in each of the last three seasons. The last time they did that (-, - and -), they won the league the following season (-). With the arrival of Viktor Gyokeres and over £million spent this summer, will history repeat itself? #AFC
‼️ Contacts between Chelsea and Leipzig for Xavi Simons continue. Simons wants to go to Chelsea and Chelsea maintain their contant with Leipzig active. The possibility to include Nkunku is a yes. ~ on YouTube
More on Savinho and Tottenham exclusive story. First proposal has already been sent by Spurs, worth €m — and Man City want more. Negotiations ongoing with City open to selling as Sávio’s keen on the move, but only at their conditions. Deal absolutely on. 🔛🇧🇷
🚨⚠️ Paris Saint-Germain exclude Gigio Donnarumma from their squad for UEFA Super Cup. Donnarumma will not sign new deal at PSG, there’s no agreement and he will % leave the club, this summer or in as free agent. Gigio’s camp feel it’s unfair situation for the GK.
🚨🔴🔵 Gigio Donnarumma will leave Paris St Germain for sure, most likely this or eventually next summer. The relationship is completely broken after club decide to exclude Gigio from their squad for Super Cup. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Understand Premier League is the most likely destination.
💍 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: Cristiano Ronaldo proposed marriage to his love Georgina! 😍
🚨 Understand Tottenham are also back in talks for Eberechi Eze in separate deal from Savinho. Spurs trying again for Eze while they work on Savinho, following Maddison injury and Son exit. Eze keen but deal depends on Palace as release clause expired.
🚨🚨💣 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Rodrygo is wanted by Man City on SPECIFIC REQUEST BY PEP GUARDIOLA. He’s pushing to get Rodry, reveals Fabrizio. 👀🇧🇷
BREAKING:🚨 Chelsea have no intention to go beyond €M in their pursuit of Manchester United's Alejandro Garnacho while both clubs remain in talks to finalize the agreement
🚨🚨 Donnarumma is SAD and DISAPPOINTED with PSG board, he wants to LEAVE IMMEDIATELY. 👋🏼
🚨 Carlos Baleba would say YES TO MAN UNITED even without Champions League football! 👀👌🏻 The deal entirely depends on Brighton decision.
Make u na sign him
My idolo don fall for the charm o
I no know why Chelsea no dey go for him
Anything wey wan sup.... E can't affect him atall.... Those children don mature and then know many things already
I'm not talking about the children here rather the properties or entitlement incase of a divorce
We gonna see how many e will score with head
I believe Ronaldo is not dumb and he also see what is going on around the world wirh divorce entitlements
He can’t stay long like this and still fall for it never 👎
There is going to be ab arrangements before he decide to go for it
Except there would be clause inserted to be signed before the wedding
Yes that is part of the arrangement he put in place before he go for it
💯 moreover it's still an engagement, it might take sometime before they exchange vows on the altar
He's smart and he also has smart lawyers so he should be safe
Woman are greedy all this I love you na lie she will forget love when lawyer stated benefit after devorce 😂😂😂 Both have been together many years now they are probably having issue and solved it among themselves let them marry finish She will change quickly and asking for divorce.
Bro, saw an article about people who had dated for years and decided to get married but only got divorced after months 😂
Yes it is only for money not for love. They are having many problem together and solved it for years but after marriage they can’t endure in just months Those girls na tactical coach 😂😂😂 Omo ogbon ni Awon obinrin yen Any Athletics or celebrity wey no wise from home those girl will wise him 😂😂😂
Na why i dey pity Doku, the small change city still dey pay am instead make he dey guide he go propose, na him azaman go later tell am wetin dey sup 😂
🚨 Alexander Isak adamant he will not play for Newcastle again. Even if window closes without exit yo views #NUFC career over + no wish to reintegrate. Club say not for sale but exploring market amid Liverpool interest & striker wants #LFC
🚨 Newcastle starting talks with Aston Villa over Jacob Ramsey. West Ham also like yo & vice versa but #NUFC emerging as preferred choice. Eddie Howe big fan + feeling mutual. Several #AVFC contract offers but no agreement so sale possible
Fans and board don frustrate him
🚨 Senior sources at Chelsea say that Nicolas Jackson will be reintegrated into Enzo Maresca’s squad after the deadline if no transfer materialises. They are not desperate to sell him! () #CFC
🚨⚪️ Tottenham keep working on both Savinho and Eze deals, as exclusively revealed. Spurs want to add two attacking players to the squad and talks with Palace/City are ongoing.
If Tottenham can add Eze and Savinho to their squad, the team go strong cause Thomas Frank is a very good coach
Click on the link to join and pick your squad Football talk fpl
‼️ Strasbourg have signed -year-old Nigerian striker Victor Divine Emmanuel from Solution FC on a -year contract. ~
🚨🔵 Manchester City have held first initial talks regarding #Rodrygo and registered their interest. However, no decision has yet been made, and it is questionable whether #MCFC could afford a permanent deal for Rodrygo in the current transfer window. The situation remains completely open, also because the player himself has not yet made a clear decision to leave. 🇧🇷
🚨🗓️ Liverpool remain in talks for Marc Guehi but have set a clear deadline: if no agreement with Crystal Palace this week, focus will shift to Giovanni Leoni. Palace’s stance and Liverpool’s limit on the fee remain key factors in the outcome. All the details on ⤵️
🚨 Liverpool do not see Giovanni Leoni and Marc Guehi necessarily as alternative options. #LFC working on both deals for weeks as Leoni’s highly rated for future and Guehi seen as big opportunity: Both negotiations are on. 🔛🔴
🚨🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Leandro Trossard’s set to LEAVE ARSENAL this summer, announces BBC Sport. 👋🏼
goals
If he gets goals in all competition then man United don enter top niyen
🚨🇲🇱 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | Yves Bissouma () has been left out of Tottenham's squad to face PSG in the Super Cup final. ❌⛔️ Manager Thomas Frank: "He's been late several times, the latest time was just one too many."
🚨 Bayern Munich are set to prioritize a move for Christopher Nkunku as they seek to replace the departing Kingsley Coman. ( via ) #CFC
🚨🟡🔴 Galatasaray have made direct approach with Manchester City for Éderson as main target at GK. Donnarumma option never seen as concrete with Galatasaray focused on Éderson deal. Talks ongoing on both club and player side, it could be key for City pursuing Donnarumma.
Talks underway between Liverpool and Palace for Guehi. Deal could potentially be around £ million to £ million including add ons
🚨💣 EXCL | Newcastle have identified Jean-Philippe Mateta as a top target should Alexander Isak depart. ⚫⚪ Crystal Palace have recently raised their price and now expect around £m to let him go.
🚨 Wolves have made a formal approach to sign Chelsea duo Axel Disasi & David Datro Fofana. 💰 Combined deal could reach £m (£–m for Disasi, ~£m for Fofana). 🐺 Wolves want a new CB & striker after selling big this summer. Chelsea open to selling both. #WWFC #CFC #Transfers
🚨 BREAKING: Newcastle have spokeen to the representatives of Nicolas Jackson and he is keen on the move.
Collect from Liverpool and give us , Lobatan
m last price Newcastle can't pay m
Unless den go for mateta for m will be better
Make them bring am
Na or
We’re not selling him anything below
He go still flop
U na be thief seeeyy
All the money u collect ...u na go vomit am
Easy price for Newcastle to get done asap. If I were Palace it's M plus m adds on
Age determine that's why
And Mateta no concern anybody ....make he shaaa dey see ball play n enjoy life nii koko
Forget age o, Watkins and Villa are demanding -m.. Newcastle are desperate that amount is easy for them to pay
Aston villa don know nothing niii
Na injury no make am do well for Chelsea, he barely stay fit
😂😂😂 We still get more players to sell before the transfer closes
Age determine o If Watkins is below , he won’t still be at Villa now Nobody wants to splash m or above on years old player when it is not Ronaldo
Na business bro.
Nkuku na average player jare
He was and scoring goals yet no one came for him, he no just get luck ni
Watkins was just another striker, nothing really special until seasons ago Watkins wey never score league goals before
Watkins hit his peak late and na why no team ready to buy am at that amount with his age
He peaked at the right age doesn't mean there's nothing special about him
He still better pass these Delap and co strikers wey dey out
I said he was just another striker and nothing special about him until last seasons
Don't use nothing special because he special pass Jackson wey una wan sell 🫣
Delap is and it’s reasonable for teams to go for him instead of Watkins We’ve already seen what Watkins can offer but Delap is just like a woman wey get belle, we never know wetin he go born
Watkins na better striker ooo
Delap bawo ooo
Still better pass delap n Jackson
Am not disputing that he’s better than them but Delap is and Watkins is Delap had his first premier league season last season with Ipswich town
And he score premier league goals
Watkins most productive season, was - and he scored league goals All am saying is if you’re a coach and you’re building a team, you have Delap who is and Watkins who is You go choose Watkins over him??? Watkins asking price is times Delap price o
Na seasons i give am una go dey find potential buyer soon
🚨 Breaking | Departing PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma () has reached an agreement in principle with Manchester City, according to L'Equipe. More follows.
Real Madrid have called on FIFA, global football’s governing body, to prevent the league match between Barcelona and Villarreal from taking place in Miami, Florida. On Monday, the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) approved La Liga’s request for Villarreal’s home game against Barca in December to be played at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens. The RFEF will now submit a request to UEFA to initiate the procedures for FIFA to grant authorisation for the fixture change. If the game goes ahead, it would be the first time a European top-flight league fixture has taken place in the U.S.
🚨⚠️ Luis Enrique: “Donnarumma is out of the squad as it’s my own decision. I am % responsible”. “I want a different kind of goalkeeper and I made this decision. Gigio is one of the best GKs in the whole world”. Donnarumma will also clarify his position soon. 👀🔜
🚨 Donnarumma’s agent Enzo Raiola: “We are shocked by PSG. There’s zero respect by the club after years together”. ❗️ “We will consider the situation also with our legal team”.
🚨 Donnarumma’s agent Enzo Raiola: “We will consider solutions now, maybe in Premier League there will be clubs able to pay what’s needed”. 👀🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 “Paris Saint-Germain are asking for big money. They talk about respect, but it’s only about the money…”, told Sky. 🧨
🚨🔴⚫️ AC Milan keep advancing on Rasmus Højlund deal with Man United. Talks ongoing on player side to discuss the project as Højlund is opening doors to AC Milan. €m loan fee, €m buy option clause and salary covered — details revealed last week, agreement closer.
🚨 EXCL: Leeds United reach agreement in principle to sign Dominic Calvert-Lewin. yo striker free agent after Everton contract expired. England international scheduled at Thorp Arch imminently to do medical before completing #LUFC transfer
Jadon Sancho's latest Instagram post has been flooded by Beşiktaş fans, with . million comments putting it in the top five most-commented posts 𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐑 🤯🦅
🚨😮 Barcelona feel 'HURT' by Benjamin Sesko’s move to Manchester United, reveals Sport… 💔 “The Slovenian striker was Deco and the club’s TOP TARGET as the big-money Lewandowski replacement for summer ”.
🗣 : “Jadon Sancho has made it clear that he will only move on his terms. We saw him reject a wage drop to join Chelsea. The message we are getting is that Sancho has made it clear to United that he is prepared to sit and not play until January or beyond unless he gets the deal he wants.”
Arsenal never sold a player that worth m before
😂😂😂
Worst player we ever signed
Small club for a reason 😄
🚨 𝗖𝗥𝗔𝗭𝗬 𝗙𝗔𝗖𝗧: Arsenal participated in the Champions League times in total. They won it out of times.
🚨 Manchester City play down reports on Maghnes Akliouche or similar options as no talks are taking place. 🇧🇷 Plan remains clear: if Savinho joins Spurs, Man City want to try for Rodrygo. But still no agreement for Savinho to Spurs as of now, first bid far from City valuation.
Drop your prediction!!! Who is winning the Uefa Super Cup tonight?? PSG vs Tottenham
🗣️❗️Inigo Martinez after signing for Al Nassr: "No one is prepared to see this kind of contract, and when it’s offered to you, you can hardly believe it. These trains only pass by once, if they pass at all, and it’s hard to say no."
Aiye Tottenham ti baje
Smile
Rayan Cherki will wear the number 🔟 shirt for the / season 💪🩵
🚨BREAKING: Chelsea will use a portion of Club World Cup bonuses paid to players to make a financial donation to the family of Diogo Jota and Andre Silva. []
🗣 Jamie Carragher: "I don't think Chelsea will qualify out of the Champions League group stage." ~
They will smell pepper 🌶️ They think they are good
Lol Carragher no dey ever talk good thing about Chelsea
Kilori?
The man just hate Chelsea so much
I want make them best chelsea blue black this season that’s what will make me happy 😂😂😂
So u can banter @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
Yiii😂
Walai I mean him so much He banter me again betis and psg
That's football fun
When we are watching match inside when Chelsea is loosing @⁨~Love⁩ and @⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ Both of them will gentle like nothing happen 😂😂😂😂
I know they will beat them blue black this season 😂
I want chelsea Barca this season oooo Walai make them rig us together I pray 😂😂😂😂
The season is starting tomorrow, we go see
I want to beat them again 😂
Make yamal do you YamaYama 😂
No wahala nah
Palace go first chop you on Saturday
In Cucurella we trust😂
We shall see soon 😂😂😂
Chelsea go beat Barcelona
Which Chelsea 😂😂😂
You don’t know how good Barca is Walai
We have best attacker right now in Europe
They play
Lobaloba team Awa bulu Team oloun World champion Ko gbo nkankan fc 😂😂😂😂
You are still small not in top in Europe
Based on uefa ranking and we went on vacation before ni and we’re back now Boju anybody je Circular road ni Chelsea o mon gbe ige si ni o walai 😂💔
After we don win una finish atun wa fi ariwo payin No sleep for everybody
Walai na psg fuck up He no prepare come if dem prepare as dem prepare for arsenal ni Walai you no fit beat them but Otilo sha PSG really fuck us up New season don start no yawa
Them no prepare come play final 😂 Una go explain tire
Chelsea The World Champion 😎 Before any other team fit claim am na in years time, if e easy make your team sef run am😂
🔥 Premier League / predictions: 🏆: Title winner 🐴 : Dark Horse ❌: Relegated 🤴🏼: Player of the season 👶🏼: Young player of the season 👀: Player to watch ✍️: Signing of the summer ⚽️: PL golden boot winner 👨‍💼: First manager sacked Drop Below 👇
Title winner: Arsenal or Man city Dark horse: Manchester United Relegated: Brentford, Leeds, Burnley Player of the season: Salah, Gyokeres, Palmer Young player of the season: Estavao Player to watch: Cherki Signing of the summer: Joao Pedro,Gyokeres and Sesko PL golden boot winner: Haaland and Gyokeres First manager sacked: Brentford manager
Relegate team Brentford chaiii
Young player Estavio I pray e see a chance of play time
Haland keee Golden boot I doubt that one
I gree with the sack manager
🚨🟡🔴 AS Roma submit official bid to Manchester United to sign Jadon Sancho. Permanent move for £m offered while club’s also open to loan with buy clause. Decision up to Manchester United and Sancho’s camp. 🔀 AS Roma, in contact with both Sancho and Bailey.
Sancho na idiot he fit still reject the move
E ready to sit down for man utd dey collect fat wages
🚨 𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: Erik Lamela has retired from professional football.
🚨 - JUST IN! Andre Onana is READY to start for Man Utd against Arsenal on Sunday. However, the decision is now resting with Ruben Amorim. []
The nigga useless gan, he dey collect k na why he no agree k from chelsea
😭😭
Who u wan start before?
Bro, even me no know o but walahi Tom Heaton impressed me for that preseason games sha
The only memory I remember about this guy is the Rebona goal he scored against Arsenal
Yiii Arsenal daran😂
Omolomo 😂
The goal na goal of the season
🚨 Alexander Isak plans remain clear: no intention to be part of the squad against Aston Villa, same against Liverpool next week. Isak keeps rejecting new deal approaches as his clear desire remains to join Liverpool asap. 🔴💭
This guy no get parole.....
🚨🚨🌖| NEW: Fulham are showing tentative interest in Rasmus Hojlund. [Simon Jones, ]
Chelsea are the only Premier League club to start the - season without a matchday shirt sponsor. (BBC)
🚨 Nottingham Forest are in the process of agreeing a £.m fee with Ipswich Town for Omari Hutchinson. (via ) 🔵↪️ Chelsea included a sell-on clause around % for Omari Hutchinson in deal with Ipswich Town.
🚨 Nottingham Forest strike total agreement with Manchester City to sign James McAtee. Package for yo attacking midfielder worth £m. Also sell-on + buy-back clauses included inside deal between #NFFC & #MCFC for England U international
Riyadh Air is reportedly in advanced talks over a potential sponsorship deal with Chelsea. It would mean £m–£m per season in revenue. 👀
Premier league is back
Click on the link to join and pick your squad Football talk fpl
@⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ wey talk say na him go win this year fantasy never join😂
Click on the link to join and pick your squad Football talk fpl
Bailey is likely to leave and also he’s not a regular starter and this Gonzalez you put for your squad 🤔
Luis Enrique's record in club football finals: ▸ games ▸ wins ▸ defeat His perfect record spoiled by Chelsea.
🚨 Man Utd not planning to proceed with Carlos Baleba move this summer. Indirect + direct contact between clubs but Brighton clear not for sale & level of fee to consider deal too high. yo midfielder keen on #MUFC but not unhappy at #BHAFC
🚨 𝗖𝗥𝗔𝗭𝗬 𝗙𝗔𝗖𝗧: Lionel Messi once received consecutive Champions League MOTM awards for year straight.
If na small team go for that guy na small money oooo...
Brighton just dey do business dey go
🚨 Gareth Bale will replace Rio Ferdinand as a pundit for the new Premier League season! ✨
Then go end like Southampton ....when its time
You know Southampton sold like / players out of first eleven once
But them no dey their own like that
🚨 Bayern Munich enquired on Xavi Simons again, but were told a move is not possible as the player has his eyes set on a move to Chelsea. ( via ) #CFC
Abi Bayern no won prosper
Chelsea sef don dey sleep on the deal too much
They’re waiting for Nkunku to leave before they complete his signing
🚨 Arteta on PL title: “You keep digging, digging, digging and you have to be digging because one day the gold is going to be there”. “For three seasons we've had more points than any other team in this league, which is incredible. That's all about the consistency”.
🚨⚠️ Éderson will not be part of Man City squad for this weekend. Pep Guardiola: “Ederson didn't come to me and say I want to leave or I have an offer”. “All the players are here and are our players and I work with them... What's going to happen, nobody knows!”.
🚨 Pep Guardiola on Savinho and Spurs: “The only thing I'm concerned about today is that Savinho will be with us until all the season, and hopefully for many, many years”. “He’s extraordinary! But at the end, as always, the desire of the player prevails above everything, and after there has to be an agreement with the club. If you don't take an agreement, the player will be here”.
Chelsea only want permanent move for nkunku while Bayern are biding for loan deal
Arteta is totally wrong they are not the only team digging they might end up digging for life he should come up with something new
Na ur digging ?
Gold digger😂
😂😂😂
You don vex ?
Vex keeehhh
Nah Sesko go Dig unah head on Sunday Sha stay active
#LFC have completed the signing of Giovanni Leoni from Parma for £m plus add-ons. He has signed a six-year contract and will be in attendance for tonight's game v Bournemouth at Anfield.
Shaaa pray make e see nodding
Bruno go set am for him
Factory reset niii
As always
Person wey sabi used head then( Ronaldo) ,how many Bruno do for him ?
Don’t forget there’s no true connection between Bruno and Ronaldo then
Kokan miii
We gonna see how many in go do for sesko this season
Bruno dey top for player with most chance created in top European league last season and their team worst last season He just dey create chance and them dey waste am
And now with the right players around him Cunha, Mbeumo and Sesko Na Arsenal go first chop am
Ajeh seh
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ what do you see about that Gernacho deal
Abi nahh
He’s okay for squad player and I like the deal bcos he go wan show Man utd say hin good say na player them lose
That's why e wan go Chelsea
He turned down other teams coming for him and insisted that he wants Chelsea alone
Sharp sharp
Nah waiting I won gear be that
Nah my dream player lowkey
He’s to compete with Gittens for the left wing position
Yes I know Sharp
Less than hours before the deadline for Fpl @⁨~Chr!🗽⁩ una no dey play fpl??
Haha 🤣 I kuku Dey play am lowkey
You don join the group fpl??
No
Click on the link to join and pick your squad Football talk fpl
I don choose team already but my network is bad at the moment
No wahala
Bournemouth starting XI: Petrovic; Smith, Diakite, Senesi, Truffert; Adams, Scott; Brooks, Tavernier, Semenyo; Evanilson #BOU Subs: Dennis, Araujo, Soler, Kroupi, Hill, Traore, Billing, Winterburn, Rees-Dottin
Liverpool starting XI: Alisson; Frimpong, Van Dijk, Konate, Kerkez; Wirtz, Szoboszlai, Mac Allister; Salah, Gakpo, Ekitike #LFC Subs: Mamardashvili, Gomez, Endo, Chiesa, Jones, Elliott, Robertson, Nyoni, Ngumoha
🚨🟡🔴 EXCL: Galatasaray send first official bid to Man City for Éderson. Proposal in the region of €m while City ask for higher fee. Gigio Donnarumma has already opened doors to City move, no issues on personal terms 🔵🇮🇹 🔀 If Éderson leaves, Donnarumma can join #MCFC.
people triple cap Semenyo against Liverpool?? People dey use juju play this fantasy abi how you go triple cap Semenyo against Liverpool, very first pl match😂💔
I tire oo
🚨⚪️ Eberechi Eze has informed Crystal Palace earlier this weeks about his desire to join Tottenham. Talks progressing as Eze already said yes to Spurs project, ready to make his move this month. Nothing done yet but Eze hopes for #THFC move asap.
🚨 Eberechi Eze is likely not to play for Crystal Palace tomorrow. [ & ]
🔴🇸🇮 Rúben Amorim: “Šeško is ready to play on the physical point of view… he is ready, a big component in our league”. “Then he is really smart, every detail he ask, he is always thinking. We will see if he starts”.
🚨🗣️ Luis Enrique: "We want to win two Champions League in a row. That's our goal. It's a special moment this season because it's very difficult to see a team win two Champions Leagues in a row."
Ezri Konsa showed red card at minutes #Aston villa vs New castle
🚨🗣️ | Ruben Amorim announces a NEW pre-match routine: “I always had the feeling that we arrive at Old Trafford and Old Trafford must be the centre of the game, but we cannot spend four hours there waiting for the game. “And I feel with these facilities [at Carrington] we can be here, preparing for the game away from Old Trafford and when we arrive at Old Trafford, we have to feel the fans and then go directly to the game, not killing the momentum of the connection with our fans.”
England pelu iwa werey
🚨 Bruno Fernandes: "I know people will have different opinions, 'Oh, he's years old. He's GETTING OLD. He's not the old Bruno.'” “No, I still can run. I still can fight. I can still score goals. I can still do everything that I was doing years ago when I first came." 😤
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: Merseyside Police confirmed today that a -year-old man has been arrested after Antoine Semenyo reported racist abuse from the stands during Liverpool’s Premier League game with Bournemouth on Friday night. —
Nothingham no wan gree ooo
Douglaz Luiz next now
Na only Elanga be notable player wey commot but them wan sign everybody finish
That owner na Babanla gambler niii
I heard they still wan go for Lewis Rico
Yes
This season na survival of the fittest
🚨 BREAKING: Tosin is set to miss Chelsea vs Crystal Palace through injury. ()
Cowil out Tosin out
Okay
Crystal palace go show u....Crystal too no get Eze
Them go worry us but we go beat them
Ok
Man city don rain riot on wolves
Already sign m
So na man united remain on this now...Not arsenal anymore
Eze is starting today ... goal assist
Kilokanmi Anybody wey like win, my banter dey go ni
Crystal palace handicap , still con give Chelsea straight Winning
Okay...show us ur ticket where u put am
You no fit
Waiting Dey do Chelsea on top Simon and Gernacho the deal don Dey tire me o
They want to clear room before adding another player Nkunku, Chuwkuemeka and probably Jackson too
#Chelsea XI to face Crystal Palace: Sanchez, James, Chalobah, Acheampong, Cucurella, Caicedo, Enzo, Neto, Palmer, Gittens, Pedro Bench: Jorgensen, Gusto, Fofana, Hato, Essugo, Andrey Santos, George, Estevao, Delap
This ur team self ....
If man united catch u this season ,u go chop am ooo
Omoo that defense line Dey worry me somehow oo
Tosin and Cowil are both injured
And it’s only Acheampong that can play the same role, the rest defenders are not ball playing defenders
He’s good but this is a new challenge for him The question now is can Acheampong really take in pressure
Acheampong experience is not top class yet e Dey worry me
Probably he can cause he’s there against Ac Milan
It’s a risk the coach is willing to take
We don’t another ball playing defender left since Cowil and Tosin are out injured
Preseason no be EPL oo but let’s wait and see
No problem make we Dey watch
🏋️‍♂️
Wharton is my new fav Crystal palace player, the guy sabi but eyes is always on Eze, Mateta and Sarr instead
Yes you self sabi that guy
That Afin too na mad man hutches
We go outplay them, the problem is their counter with that Munoz making that run and delivering good cross
Mateta werey
U wey no fit beat palace
Beat man utd make we see🥱
I no dey talk say I go beat am naw home he dey but he no fit beat me
Arsenal oo Una don start with this your set piece again
Man united dominate all this first half
Yeah They played really well but let’s see what they have to offer in the second half
Man utd don start the season with losing again
Crystal Palace have kept a Premier League clean sheet at Stamford Bridge for the first time since March . The Eagles are now unbeaten in their last seven Premier League games. 💪
Matheus Cunha and Bryan Mbeumo combined for more shots on target () than the entire Arsenal side (). But no goals to show for it. 🙃
How far
They dominate through out guy
point ni koko
Until u will face city
Man utd fans are even okay with the match result 🥱
They wan make Amorin go
Rara oo Them say them play better football and they’re proud of that
Naw so them go end up in no again make them keep it up
To be honest they played really well but no be to play very well alone
Next game for GGMU Fulham
They should be able to win Fulham
Not sure ...highest point lose
No let man utd fans see this😂💔
Ahh Who them wan con beat
Brentford, Chelsea, man city
😂😂😂
Yes...
🇸🇪🤍❤️ Arteta: "Gyökeres did a lot of things VERY good." “There's things we need to work on. Coming away to Manchester United and 𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚 𝐰𝐢𝐧 in your first game, a very good start”.
Arsenal are undefeated in straight matches vs the Big in the Prem. wins draws defeats
@⁨~Chr!🗽⁩ Acheampong really did well today, he impressed me a lot Hope he keeps improving
Omooo he did well fr but that match weak me I no go lie
Them too chop me today
I know Crystal palace go worry us but I also expect us to find a way to win in that match, that shows we’re not really ready Look at Arsenal match today, Man utd dominated throughout but Arsenal grind out that winning
That’s even best for us so we can find solution before the end of transfer
The only addition they’re going to make so far is Garnacho, Ximon and a new center back probably
❤️ Matheus Cunha’s message to United fans… “What an honor to debut in this environment. We will continue to improve. It's just the beginning”.
🚨 Rúben Amorim: “I didn’t drop Onana, I put two players ahead of him. I am happy with our three goalkeepers”.
Onana don go be that... keepers ahead of him
Then still wan sign ooo...
🚨⚠️ Napoli are back on the market for new striker as reported yesterday, due to serious injury for Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian striker suffered muscle injury and won’t be available for the next three months at least. 🇧🇪
🚨 BREAKING: Yoane Wissa has unfollowed Brentford, changed his profile picture to black and removed all club photos from his Instagram account as he looks to leave the club. Wissa's move to Newcastle is currently being blocked by Brentford, as exclusively revealed earlier with . The -year-old is unhappy Brentford won't now engage over a sale unless a £m+ valuation is met despite informing Wissa a few weeks ago they would entertain a sale. Wissa was also told a year ago he could leave for £m (€m) after committing to last season following Ivan Toney's departure to Al-Ahli.
🚨⚪️ Cuti Romero has agreed to sign new deal at Spurs, all done and sealed. Spurs captain decided back in June to stay and new contract is now complete. Tottenham new manager Frank see Cuti as key part of the project and despite all links with Atlético, deal was never close.
🚨🟡🔴 Leon Bailey to AS Roma, here we go! Verbal agreement with Aston Villa for €/m loan fee plus €m buy option clause. Bailey only wanted Roma as priority as reported last week, deal now agreed in principle. Medical authorization expected next. 🇯🇲
🚨🚨😮 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Ademola Lookman has been OFFERED TO PREMIER LEAGUE CLUBS. 👀🇳🇬 The deal with Inter is now completely off… who should go and SIGN him? 📝
🚨 BREAKING: Contract renewal talks between Vini Jr & Real Madrid are now BLOCKED. The club is offering him a salary of €M per season, but his agents believe that's not enough, and that it would "make no sense" to accept it, as he makes €M now, and they believe a raise from €M to €M is too small. They want €M+€M in bonuses. Vini and his agents have decided to play through this season and then make a decision.
🚨 Federico Chiesa and his agent have informed Liverpool about clear desire to stay at the club. Now Diaz left, more space and that goal to open new chapter.
Chiesa sabi play cool football… it’s injures weak him them and i wish Liverpool management give him great opportunity this season and see him in action again🎗️
🚨 𝐇𝐄𝐑𝐄 𝐖𝐄 𝐆𝐎! Leeds United agree deal to sign Noah Okafor from AC Milan 🟡🔵🇨🇭 Fee over €m agreed last night as revealed and deal approved this morning with documents exchange on. Okafor will sign a four year contract at Leeds United including an option for + year, medical in /h.
Yeah, them never really give am a fair chance to me but that’s what it takes to be in a good team
I dig brother… and all the best for him
Omoh.... I pray I dey to this time
Naso una go talk and the season go end na you go carry first
You didn’t later add me
Add u keehh Na u go add urself
Haaa
The link is pinned in the group you can still join, Shebi you don create your team already
Football talk fpl is back Click on the link to join if you haven’t
Yes
This season go different sha
That number guy na him go first ....
🗣️ Journalist during Real vs Osasuna press conference: “Do you think the media is putting a lot of pressure on Lamine Yamal?” 🗣️ Xabi Alonso: “I don’t know…I don’t have a blood pressure monitor…..”
🚨⚠️ Manchester United are NOT HAPPY with Jadon Sancho REJECTING AS Roma, says Sky. 😡 They wanted the £m fee as soon as possible.
All these clubs na weyre, no wonder Isak no talk anything since
🚨 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋: Newcastle statement in response to Alexander Isak’s words on future ⚪️⚫️ “We are 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐝 to have been alerted to a social media post released by Alexander Isak this evening”. “We are clear that Alex remains under contract so that 𝐧𝐨 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐦𝐢𝐭𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐬 𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐦𝐚𝐝𝐞 by a club official that Alex can leave Newcastle United this summer”. “We want to keep our best players as also understand players have their own wishes, we listen to their views”. “As explained to Isak and to his camp, we must always take into consideration best interests of the club, the team and our supporters in all decisions and we have been clear that the conditions of a sale this summer have 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐬𝐩𝐢𝐫𝐞𝐝”. “𝐖𝐞 𝐝𝐨 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐞𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐨𝐬𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐦𝐞𝐭”. “This is a proud football club with proud traditions and we strive to retain our family feel. Alex remains part of our family and will be 𝐰𝐞𝐥𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐞𝐝 𝐛𝐚𝐜𝐤 when he is ready to rejoin his teammates”.
▶️ Cristiano Ronaldo is just GOALS away from becoming the first player ever to reach , official goals in the entire history of football. ▶️ Lionel Messi is just GOALS away from official goals. ▶️ Cristiano Ronaldo is ASSISTS away from reaching official assists. ▶️ Lionel Messi is just ASSISTS away from becoming the first player ever to reach official assists in the entire history of football. Both are already in the final stage of their careers, but they keep giving everything and still putting on shows. There never was, there isn’t, and there never will be anyone like them 🐐
🚨 The Saudi Super Cup Final is scheduled to take place in Hong Kong 🇭🇰 Stadium 🏟️ Saturday rd August Al Nassr vs Al Ahli Saudi Predict The Final Result 🤯
Michael Owen: “Goalscoring is the hardest art in football, Cristiano Ronaldo makes it look so easy.
🚨🔐 All documents are signed club to club for Eberechi Eze’s move to Arsenal. Eze, undergoing his medical ahead of signature on contract and registration as it must happen before pm to be elegible against Leeds.
Palmer injured, he’s out of Chelsea’s lineup
🚶🏽🙈
Good evening Abeg make u na dey send us sure booking code ooh Sapa dey o🤲
//, : - + : Lmao
U na defender lasan..... Chelsea go conceed this season pass man united last season
Hmmm
Chelsea Westham
Season just dey start, injuries don dey set in
Na players they get injury ....
Chelsea they ball
🚨 Didier Drogba on Garnacho to Chelsea “When a young player says no to Bayern and chooses Chelsea, that’s not just a transfer, that’s love. You don’t pick Stamford Bridge unless you feel something deep about what it means to wear blue.
Nothing really deep Abeg The only thing making him to choose Chelsea is just to hurt Manchester United
Hmmm, for your own mind
This is the truth, no love, just to prove a point. We sold Ronaldo, Beckham, Vanisteroy and many more at their prime, we did not die. He is just one of the stepping stones to our greatness 😁😁
keh
Yes nah He don manage matches as Westham manager, winnings, draws and lost
Okay
I thought all his career 😂
And their next match is Nothingham forrest We could be counting straight loss
Ah ah Kilode
Really terrifying
Napoli President finally reveals why he turned down PSG's over €m bid for Victor Osimhen He said it was because of a promise he made to incoming head coach Antonio Conte. De Laurentiis told Corriere della Sera that PSG had offered more than €m for Osimhen and and Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, as a package deal, but he declined to sell because he had promised Conte he would keep the players at the club. “I could have sold him at that moment. PSG had offered over €m for the Kvara and Osimhen package,” De Laurentiis said. “However, I had promised Conte I would keep him, and I didn’t feel like going back on my word. With those funds, the idea was to buy Gyokeres.” He however claimed that Kvaratskhelia’s eventual departure to PSG in January for €m was forced by his agent’s demands and threats to use Article .
TOT go cook this season oo Ajee if they no get injury
EPL this season will be more crazy 😜
And that’s why we call it goat of all leagues 😂
Dey play
Lmao
RONALDOOOO! CRISTIANO RONALDOOO! - AL NASSR!!! CRISTIANO RONALDOOO!! 🤯🤯
GOAL! Al Nassr FC - Al-Ahli SFC (Franck Kessié) 🤯🤯
GOAL🤯 AL NASSR - AL AHLI SFC
🚨 AL NASSR VS AL AHLI TO PENALTIES!
🚨AL AHLI SFC BECOMING SAUDI SUPER CUP CHAMPION
Cristiano Ronaldo is not happy… he scored a goal, his penalty as well but Al Nassr can’t win. 😔😡
Leverkusen - Hoffenheim: Ten Hag suffers defeat in debut & conceded comeback
Guy’s 🚨 FT : Coventry City - QPR Frank Lampard side cooked QPR this afternoon 🥶
🚨 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋; EBERECHI EZE IS A GUNNER! ❤️🤍 DREAM COME TRUE FOR EZE🤩
Baller
Ronald Koeman get over career goals as a defender
I know brother and he retired in … I’m just talking about Ramos effect in his football career too okay
Yeah I get your point my boss
📉🚨 Amorim for Man United in Premier League: • games • points won Less points than games! 😬‼️
Na these players wan finish him life for man u
Damnit, he didn’t have better ratio at all
Close to m
🇰🇿✈️ Only two teams from Kazakhstan have have ever qualified for the UEFA Champions League... • FC Astana (/) • FC Kairat (/) 🆕 Huge moment for the country.
🚨🦅 Yeremy Pino to Crystal Palace, here we go! Verbal agreement in place between all parties involved. €m fixed fee plus add-ons and long term deal for the winger who said yes to #CPFC leaving Villarreal. Exclusive story from last week, confirmed
Real Madrid's last goals in LALIGA: MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ Jacobo Ramón MBAPPÉ Bellingham MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ MBAPPÉ Vinicius Jr. Different level 🇫🇷
🚨 Alexander Isak mantains clear stance since July: he wants Liverpool move, no changes after recent talks. #LFC ready to bid again if Newcastle open doors to exit, story remains in #NUFC hands… but Isak still hopes for Anfield move asap.
🗣️ Filippo Inzaghi on Zinedine Zidane: "I was at Juve when I first saw Zidane. The first few weeks I was running around the pitch and admiring what he did with the ball. I looked at him like a child watching a cartoon. In training, I tried to do what he did, but I never succeeded... then one day he came up to me and said: "Well done! You are so strong in front of the goal, congratulations!" I didn't answer him but I said to myself: “If I’m good, what about him then?" The weeks passed and when he had the opportunity, he repeated his compliments to me. One day I said to him: “You are incredible, I have never seen anyone treat the ball like this.” He smiled and said, “If I did what you do, I would be in the hospital by now Waiting for the ball for an entire match is crazy!" After his words, I realised that everyone was born to do something. I knew how to score goals and he knew how to make the ball dance. You may have seen him in matches, but Zizou in training, he was paranormal!”
No doubt!!
L-chester United at it again
🇵🇹 BENFICA vs FENERBAHÇE 🇹🇷 st leg finished -... winner today qualifies for the league phase of the UEFA Champions League. 👀✅
They want to finish th this season to honor Diogo jota What an honorable team 😂
😂😂😂
Una just get bad mouth for here
With just matches played, okay now🤣🤣
What else management need to do again😂 Your team need a proper sacrifice 😂😂😂
Make them call on Abija abi Lalude 😂😂😂
Even make then call Maradona na still beating nani
Atleast them go get a win to celebrate tonight, e no fit worse reach make them no beat Grimsby town tonight
Let wait n see....to win self na struggle
Smile
Them don score Man U😂
That club don enter gbege
Onana tipa wa 😭😭
problem no dey finish. Just try dey enjoy 😊
Thrn never win away game against Grimsby since
Olofar 😂
Supporting man utd should be added to one thousand ways to die😅
History isonu bere 😒 man U sef no give person mouth talk
Your team na team with big history Abeg allow make them tell us history oo
Wanna talk about history, were Comeback kings, watch this second half
Man U don takeaway my guy shame 😂😂
🥸
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ shame don follow hag go jare 😄
Mbeumo don score oo
Shey you dey see
Na - They’re still winning
Smile
Just dey watch football
How far shey una don see -
Maguire dey always turn up Ajee
😂
Dey play
Agba baller
Una still never win nah
Calma bro
Man U 😂😂
@⁨~⁩ come ooooo
🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | th division team Grimsby Town knock Manchester United OUT of the Carabao Cup! 👋🤯
Port Vale vs Arsenal Swansea vs Nott'm Forest Lincoln vs Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur vs Doncaster Brentford vs Aston Villa Huddersfield vs Manchester City Liverpool vs Southampton Newcastle vs Bradford
Harry Maguire's last ️⃣ Manchester United goals: - th minute equaliser vs Grimsby - st minute winner vs Lyon - th minute winner vs Ipswich - rd minute winner vs Leicester - st minute equaliser vs Porto Clutch. 😮‍💨
Barcelona is set to face two of these seven football powerhouses when the UCL draw rolls around on Thursday 👀 PSG 🇫🇷 Manchester City 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Liverpool 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Chelsea 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Bayern Munich 🇩🇪 Inter Milan 🇮🇹 Dortmund 🇩🇪
We are waiting
🚨🗣️ David Artell (Grimsby manager): "Manchester United have got an unbelievable manager and they are on the right track."
Which track....Barrister Track abiii
This one no be Barrister track sef na Youngi duu track 😂
🚨🚨Ruben Amorim QUOTES after the game: "I am truly sorry for the fans.” “I don't know [why they had so many spaces]. We started without intensity. We were completely lost." “The best team won. The best players lost." “When you lose to a th division team, it's not the goalkeeper, it's everything."
🚨🟡🔴 Liverpool have informed AS Roma tonight about Kostas Tsimikas now available on straight loan. Roma are considering whether to proceed and get deal done as they wanted a buy option clause. Tsimikas, pushing a lot as he wants Roma.
Christopher Nkunku has agreed to a pay cut to join AC Milan from #Chelsea.
🚨 Xavi Simons has been released from training until further notice. The Dutchman did not train in Leipzig today and is instead engaged in discussions and negotiations about his future, as Leipzig confirmed upon request. A move to the Premier League is imminent. Xavi is currently in London.
Tottenham are now preparing to hijack the imminent deal for Xavi Simons to #Chelsea. RB Leipzig are waiting for official offers.
🚨 Manuel Akanji has still not accepted Galatasaray bid as of today despite club to club agreement with Man City again valid at £m. Akanji has been approached by AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen, Crystal Palace but nothing advanced yet. He’s currently considering his future.
🚨 Fermín Lopez was supposed to speak today on TheResidency app and answer fans’ questions, but it has been postponed. The event had been scheduled three days ago. ❌👀 () #CFC
🚨 Chelsea and Xavi Simons Deal – Personal Terms Agreed, Player Favors Stamford Bridge Move Despite Spurs’ £m Interest but some reports claims Chelsea are considering going for Fermin Lopez instead
🚨🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: André Onana does NOT WANT TO LEAVE Manchester United, despite links. ❌ He’s NOT going to West Ham on loan. ❤️🇨🇲
💰 The new / Champions League format: • Participation: €.M • Win in league phase: €.M • Draw: €k • Finish st in league phase: €.M • Round of : €M • Quarters: €.M • Semis: €M • Final: €.M • Winner: +€.M On top of that: €M in TV rights to share, reports RMC Sport.
🚨 Jorgen Strand Larsen politely informed Wolves of wish to make Newcastle move. Chairman Jeff Shi told yo not possible this window. No new #NUFC bid yet + #WWFC stance is all offers to be rejected; looking for nd striker, not replacement
🚨 BREAKING: Spurs submit official bid for Xavi Simons, close to €m all in. No reply from Chelsea yet. () #CFC
🚨 JUST IN: Tottenham will not send any official bid for Xavi Simons until they are sure they will sign the player. No bid as of today. Chelsea and Leipzig remain in advanced talks, still something to do between clubs before we can say deal done. Chelsea have some ‘work to do’ on the conditions of the deal. ()
🚨 BREAKING: Tottenham Hotspur are close to agreeing a deal with RB Leipzig for Xavi Simons after racing to try to minimise the threat of Chelsea hijacking their move. (via )
🚨 𝗧𝗛𝗘 𝗨𝗘𝗙𝗔 𝗖𝗛𝗔𝗠𝗣𝗜𝗢𝗡𝗦 𝗟𝗘𝗔𝗚𝗨𝗘 𝗡𝗘𝗪 𝗥𝗨𝗟𝗘: . 𝐍𝐨 𝐞𝐱𝐭𝐫𝐚 𝐭𝐢𝐦𝐞 — straight to penalties: If a knockout match is tied after regular time, instead of playing extra time, the match would go directly to a penalty shootout. . 𝐓𝐨𝐩 𝟖 𝐚𝐝𝐯𝐚𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐠𝐞: Teams ranked in the top (presumably after the league phase) would play the second leg of their knockout ties at home, giving them a potential advantage. . 𝐍𝐨 𝐬𝐚𝐦𝐞-𝐜𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐲 𝐜𝐥𝐚𝐬𝐡𝐞𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐪𝐮𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐬: Clubs from the same country would not be allowed to face each other until the quarterfinal stage or later. UEFA
We’ll get to witness a Chelsea Barcelona ucl match again🔥🔥🔥
Manchester United fans right now 😂💔
🚨💥 EXCLUSIVE | Nick #Woltemade to Newcastle - DONE DEAL! Full agreement with Stuttgart: € million fixed fee plus € million in add-ons. #NUFC The player is on his way and has already said goodbye to the squad. 🇩🇪
🚨🚨💣 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Tottenham will CLOSE ALL DETAILS of Xavi Simons deal TODAY!! 💣🤩 Here we go is COMING. 🏳️👀
I never lose hope on this Simon deal cause him priority nah Chelsea
But Chelsea are yet to place any official bid and the guy has already ran out patient waiting for Chelsea, it’s Barcelona Fermin Lopez Chelsea are eyeing now
Chelsea Barcelona I love that I have been waiting again.
Yeah I know but can you remember Latvia deal Liverpool have agreement with Southampton then and Latvia choose to come Chelsea despite agreement with club to club then after a week bid for him
We’ll be there 😎
And that’s if Chelsea place a bid but I feel like if Chelsea really want him, they would’ve place a bid instead waiting till now Summer transfer window is ending on the st day of September, Xavi Simons is already in London
Let’s wait and hear from him today cause that Tot like to sneak around without informing player camp
Smile, Let wait and see okay
TOT go ball this season
Sokoto b’iro 😂😂😂
We are playing Benfica also
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ waiting Dey do Chelsea like this that team Dey vex me I swear better player we no carry nah rising player we Dey find up and down waiting buonenotte won add to our team
Squad depth
Yes
Clash of the titans That group is not for kid
I tire oo
Like seriously
E tire me ooo Make them sha sign Fermin Lopez be my own as them no gree sign Simons
Abi nah
🚨 OFFICIAL: Tottenham confirm the signing of Xavi Simons from RB Leipzig. Simons: "The noise. Don't listen to it all. Tottenham called, I answered. That's what matters."
E pain me ooo
This Chelsea bench just they make me laugh sometimes.....
When the football start fully...u know go sabi ur bench again
Man Utd vs Burnley Lineups: Man Utd: Bayindir, Yoro, De Ligt, Dalot, Shaw, Casemiro, Fernandes, Diallo, Mbeumo, Mount, Cunha Burnley: Dubravka, Hartman, Ekdal, Esteve, Walker, Cullen, Ugochukwu, Anthony, Hannibal, Bruun Larsen, Foster
Sunderland vs Brentford Lineups: Sunderland: Roefs, Reinildo, Mukiele, Alderete, Hume, Diarra, Sadiki, Xhaka, Le Fee, Talbi, Mayenda Brentford: Kelleher, Lewis-Potter, Collins, den Berg, Kayode, Yarmolyuk, Henderson, Schade, Damsgaard, Ouattara, Thiago
Spurs vs Bournemouth Lineups: Spurs: Vicario, Spence, Romero, de Ven, Porro, Bentancur, Palhinha, Sarr, Johnson, Kudus, Richarlison Bournemouth: Petrovic, Truffert, Diakite, Senesi, Smith, Adams, Scott, Semenyo, Tavernier, Brooks, Evanilson
Wolves vs Everton Lineups: Wolves: Sa, Bueno, Gomes, Agbadou, Bueno, Gomes, Andre, Tchatchoua, Hee-Chan, Munetsi, Arias Everton: Pickford, Mykolenko, Tarkowski, Keane, O'Brien, Gueye, Garner, Grealish, Dewsbury-Hall, Ndiaye, Beto
Manchester United are getting their first win today No doubt am 🥱
🚨Chelsea have asked Nicolas Jackson to return to London. The player wants to join Bayern but The Blues now have no intention to sign the documents of the transfer Di Marzio - Sky Italia
🚨🔵🔴 Barcelona mantain their position: no plans to sell Fermín López this summer following Chelsea bid. The only way for Fermín exit would be in case he decides to leave, with future now in player’s hands.
🚨 BREAKING: Liam Delap is expected to be out for " to weeks" because of "this type of injury", according to Enzo Maresca on TNT Sports. Kieran Gill - Daily Mail
🚨 EXCL: Liverpool submit official bid to sign Marc Guehi from Crystal Palace. Proposal worth £m flat, no add-ons. #CPFC yet to respond as work continues on reinforcements. yo England centre-back open to #LFC move if clubs find agreement
🚨 Hansi Flick on Chelsea in contact with Fermín López agent: “At the moment he’s here. I spoke to Fermin and I’m convinced that he will stay”. “But at the end I don’t know what happens, I will be really happy when the transfer market will be closed”.
Chelsea are lowkey regreting letting go of Xavi Simons Delap is out for weeks, they’re calling Jackson back but he’s refusing, he clearly doesn’t want to play for Chelsea too Fermin Lopez signing is likely not to happen @⁨~Chr!🗽⁩
I swear am speechless at the moment
That team dey vex me lowkey That match today God just gave us winning What a frustrating first half
What if Joao Pedro get injury?
Transfer window is ending tomorrow
Then no get bench at all.... Chelsea n man united i don't see anything in their bench
No be say we no get bench like that Nah injury make our bench looks somehow
Okay...
Joao Pedro n Delap hope then no get injury shaaa
Sterling keh 🏃🏻🏃🏻🏃🏻
The likes of Estavao, Delap, George, Garnacho or Gittens are suppose to be our bench but as injury dey happen them no don turn starter
Sterling is among the player wey them cast out, he’s not joining the squad
As long as the transfer market is still open, anything fit sup
🚨🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Chelsea want Jackson to go BACK TO THE CLUB IMMEDIATELY! This follows Liam Delap injury… …but Jackson ONLY WANTS BAYERN. 👀⚠️
Make Jackson no forget say nah loan deal ooo No matter what he go still come back to Chelsea oo
🚨🛑 Yes, Chelsea have informed FC Bayern that they are pulling out of the loan deal of Nicolas #Jackson, as first reported by . Reason: today’s injury to Liam Delap. ⚠️ Been told: Jackson’s agent Ali Barat is still fighting to rescue the loan deal. Barat and Jackson are currently still in Munich. Max Eberl told Sky: “Let’s see what happens. Jackson is still here. After the match we will act. I can’t say exactly what’s going on yet.” 🇸🇳
No be today 😂
Brighton vs Man City Lineups: Brighton: Verbruggen, De Cuyper, van Hecke, Dunk, Veltman, Baleba, Hinshelwood, Mitoma, Gomez, Minteh, Welbeck Man City: Trafford, Ait-Nouri, Stones, Khusanov, Nunes, Silva, Rodri, Marmoush, Reijnders, Bobb, Haaland
🚨 OFFICIAL: Yoane Wissa releases statement asking to leave Brentford as he wants to join Newcastle. “Over the past few weeks, there has been increased speculation about my future at Brentford Football Club. As a result, I wanted to speak directly and honestly about exactly where things stand. “I have stayed silent for much of the summer, but with just hours remaining of the transfer window I feel compelled make it clear that I want to leave Brentford. I believe the club are unduly standing in my way despite a series of fair offers throughout the summer. “I have always given percent for Brentford since the day I signed back in . I am proud of what we have built together and have never taken the opportunity to play for the club for granted. “Brentford fans will always have a special place in my heart. And I have always conducted myself professionally, both on and off the pitch. It has been a privilege to wear this shirt for games and celebrate goals. “Earlier this summer, I held open discussions with the club’s senior management, including key directors and the new head coach. I made clear my intention to explore a new challenge. “During these conversations, it was confirmed to me and my representatives that the club would not stand in my way if a reasonable offer was received. This was also put in writing. “Based on this understanding, I sought to find a new club, keeping Brentford informed with full transparency at every step. “I received a formal offer from another Premier League club and communicated I wanted to join. I was under the impression, from all my conversations with Brentford, that there was a mutual agreement to part ways. “I want to make it clear that I have not acted unprofessionally, nor do I wish to leave Brentford on bad terms. I have been transparent in my position throughout. I have continued to communicate openly with the club and conduct myself in a way that reflects my values as both a footballer and a human being. “I remain hopeful that a fair and reasonable resolution can still be found before the transfer window shuts. “In the meantime, I must do what I feel is right for my career and family and insist that Brentford honour their promise to let me join a new club and at a fair price. “I want to thank all the Brentford fans for their support and understanding during this difficult situation. Your energy and belief in me has always meant a great deal. This has never been about walking away from what is a fantastic football club. It’s about being allowed to move forward with Brentford's blessing based on repeated promises that I could leave for a new chapter this summer. “Being made to stay beyond this summer will only tarnish four wonderful years at this incredible club and so I ask Brentford’s owners and directors to now honour their promise to let me leave in the final hours of the window."
Brighton go beat this man city yiii
🚨 𝐇𝐄𝐑𝐄 𝐖𝐄 𝐆𝐎! Victor Lindelöf has agreed to join Aston Villa as free agent 🟣🔵🇸🇪 Medical underway now after agreement done tonight, two year contract ➕ option until June included. Former Man United defender in talks for days also with Fiorentina and Everton… but Villa sent better proposal.
🚨🇮🇹 Jamie Vardy to Cremonese, here we go! Deal in place with Italial club until June plus option for + season if staying in Serie A. Agreement done right now and Vardy scheduled to travel tonight to Milano in order to start new chapter. #LCFC legend will play in Italy.
🚨 Manchester United have agreed personal terms with Emiliano Martínez and approached Aston Villa! As exclusively revealed this morning, Dibu is back as concrete option for #MUFC if Lammens deal doesn’t happen. Talks well underway now.
Talks going on right now between Chelsea and Bayern Munich about Nicolas Jackson. Chelsea’s position is clear – Jackson is a Chelsea player, if you want him buy him. This is not a bluff, Chelsea are not playing poker. Even if Bayern agree to sign Jackson, Chelsea would still have to sign a replacement. And here’s the thing… there are hardly any strikers available on loan anymore so they would have to buy a last-minute replacement. Chelsea believe the Jackson loan agreement with Bayern has now been totally revoked. If Bayern believe in Nicolas Jackson, they have to buy him.
I talk am ..Brighton go beat
Man city
This silence is proudly sponsored by Liverpool 😂
Okay
🚨 Talks ramping up tonight over deal for Alexander Isak to join Liverpool from Newcastle United on #DeadlineDay. #LFC saw £m bid rejected earlier this summer having previously indicated willingness to pay #NUFC £m. Now at crunch point
Chelsea want to recall marc guiu back too
But this werey never play games oo 😂
Not in fault ooo
Then sold most of playere
Like best players
❌ Wirtz sold ❌ Frimpong sold ❌ Xhaka sold ❌ Tah sold ❌ Amine Adli sold ❌ Hincapie sold ❌ Kossounou sold
I no even understand why they sack him but everywhere good
Done deal ✅
Wissa to Newcastle Done ✔️
I don't know why juventus n PSG no agree the deal on him...
The guy really help juventus well
Man united don agree deal on Lammenn now...goal keeper
Naw so football be
I dey hear Martinez before Villa keeper
Yes... then just agree on the personal term with him
Now Galatary on Martinez now
🚨🔴 BREAKING: Manchester United agree €m plus add-ons deal with Royal Antwerp for Senne Lammens, here we go! Agreement in place for Belgian GK to join #MUFC immediately, deal set to be sealed after medical. Deal also included add-ons, as reports.
🚨‼️ 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | It's transfer deadline day in Europe's top leagues! Here are the closing times... ⏰ 🇩🇪 Bundesliga: pm 🇫🇷 Ligue : pm 🇮🇹 Serie A: pm 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 Premier League: pm 🇪🇸 La Liga - :pm Times are British Summer Time (BST)
🚨 Newcastle United reach verbal agreement with Brentford to sign Yoane Wissa. #BrentfordFC view deal as £m fixed, #NUFC suggest £m rising to £m. Expected to be paid half now, half + % sell-on. Permission granted to take medical
Luis Suarez grabbed Obed Vargas from the neck after the final whistle in the Leagues Cup. Then Sergio Busquets appeared to PUNCH the -year-old Mexican in the face. 🇺🇾🇪🇸
🚨🟢⚪️ BREAKING: Antony to Real Betis, here we go! €m plus €m fee to Manchester United. Manchester United will have % sell-on clause on profit for the future sale. Antony, in Sevilla in the next h for medical as deal is done. Antonio vuelve a Betis. 🔙
EXC: Understand Dominic Solanke's ankle injury is worse than Tottenham first feared. Striker facing considerable spell on sidelines and could be forced to undergo surgery on the problem.
🚨🟡🔵 BREAKING: Éderson to Fenerbahçe, here we go! Verbal agreement in place for Brazilian GK to join Fener. Fee around €/m to Man City for Éderson and as also personal terms are agreed with his agent Jorge Mendes and director Devin Özek. Up next: Donnarumma and City. 👀
🚨 Negotiations between Aston Villa and Man United continue on #DeadlineDay for Jadon Sancho. Separate deal from Emi Martínez but both in same conversation, trying to get both agreements done. Sancho has to decide his future today or eventually move to not-European club.
🚨🔴⚪️ EXCLUSIVE: Sunderland work on deal to sign Bryan Brobbey as new striker from Ajax. Not easy but talks underway to try get it done as Marc Guiu is expected to return to Chelsea on #DeadlineDay. 👀🇳🇱 #SAFC are on it and also look for new CB.
🚨 Flick on if Fermin leaving tomorrow : “Let’s talk about the team not about players. The most important thing now is when the market closes everyone is % committed to this club, no ego’s, ego’s kill success, last season we played as a team and we have to go back like this” () #CFC
🚨🔴⚪️ Nicolas Jackson deal was never off or collapsed, even after formal Bayern letter to return to London. Chelsea have depth now with Marc Guiu back to the club and can re-negotiate terms with Bayern, open to solutions. Jackson and Bayern, it’s NOT over. ✔️
Arsenal next
We don sign ours finish
Yes... I mean our next is nothingham
🚨🟡🔴 Ilkay Gündogan to Galatasaray, here we go! Deal until June set to be signed later today. Man City will let Gündogan leave for free as the agreement includes salary saved. Gündo, in Istanbul today. ✈️🇹🇷
🚨🔵 Lamine Yamal on Chelsea bid for Fermín: “We were joking with Fermín about moving to England… but he's happy at Barcelona. No one wants to leave”. “We asked him about that bid from England but Fermín said he’s happy here, he had no plans to leave”, told TVE 🔵🔴
They play..e no concern fans Then go still boo him when they have match together
🚨 𝐑𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐀𝐋𝐄𝐃: Palace coach Glasner threatened to 𝐰𝐚𝐥𝐤 𝐨𝐮𝐭 if Marc Guehi left the club to join Liverpool… without a top replacement 😮🚫 Guehi completed his medical at Liverpool and was on the verge of signing the contract, then deal called 𝐨𝐟𝐟. Glasner told Crystal Palace he was gonna resign if they accepted to still sell Guehi without a new signing. Guehi, heavily 𝐝𝐢𝐬𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐝 as he wanted Liverpool as won’t sign new deal - leaving as a free agent in .
Me self no small
U sure ?
Number
It’s a long ride, just games played out of
I will be up there very soon 😊
Na so u they talk... U no they finish rd self
I sha I dey top every season
But this time around as arsenal dey collect league naw so I go win mine too this season
No be every season you dey enter top sef
Naw every season oo
No be every season you dey enter top seh The very first one you participated you even dey top
Naw my coach footsteps I dey follow
But the following season naw I carry i even overcome u self
Haaaa Shaaa know the sub u wanna put in
Kinni😂
It seems I’m not the only arsenal fan that knows that arteta no sabi do sub
Because ur coach no sabi do sub some times or e no sabi who to start
Against that Liverpool e no suppose bench Eze or e should let him enter early second half .... Eze wey they Premier league since , wey sabi Play Liverpool well
The morherfucker con benched him
Na sub or starting players go affect Arteta.....
Me self talk am but some ppl dey tell me say naw new signing say he need to blend in first
Blend watin ....blend bawo
Person wey they EPL since ....the last game Crystal vs Liverpool played No be Eze n mateta dismantle Liverpool nii
Me wey don dey happy say this season might be for arsenal naw Liverpool don go sign isaak and we dey get injury early
Injury can't affect us... We get enough players
If it's our time ,we gonna win it
🤲🏼🙏
I also thought he’s going to start him also but I just feel like not starting him in the very first game no mean anything and also Martinelli has been a regular starter before he came in, it’s normal to start Martinelli ahead of him for the first game
E no mean that Liverpool sign isak... Not all the players will perform like before and isak also get injury some time as well
But Arteta needs to work on how to get the best of gyokeres o cause that guy never blend in
That one self dey
But we need to learn how to play with a striker
We don sign now we no dey cook for him
Arsenal team, wey me I know , Arsenal team wey arteta they coach o... We don't need striker all of us, just they shout up n down that we need a striker ....
Our striker go suffer .....All our attackers na possession game then like
Naw why we sign Eze to dey create for him saka self go creat
Arteta no really allow the team to express their selves well
Unless if Eze jell well to that team na only him n rice go they play with striker
That’s what the coach tactics
How?
I won ask something cause some arsenal fan and other dey talk about zubi
Shie to u zubi naw upgrade to partey or not
Zubi na better player but e can't play wat partey they play
If u say so but me I believe say zubi naw upgrade oo Ajee this is his first season so let see how it goes
The way your team plays especially when playing any big teams, I just hope he allows Eze to be free to express his game well
Okay
Arteta too they fear 😨
Zubi is good but tbh I’ve not seen anything that makes him an upgrade to Partey, at the same time it’s too early to judge cause he’s just settling in and he has been decent so far
Exactly my point
Ian Wright was surprised when e didn't start Eze
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: A full breakdown has been released by on why Erik ten Hag got sacked! 😳 • He did not get along with ANYONE at the club, not even his own staff that he brought to Germany himself. • He interfered with the planning and only proposed players from his own agency. • The players did NOT understand why doing push ups was just as important as ball work. • The atmosphere within the club was extremely cold. • The players had no idea what they had to do during matches. • The club wanted to sack him much earlier and believe they took too long. • He is now considered the worst coach in their club history.
Slot
Pedro
🔵⚪️ Gigio Donnarumma: “Manchester City is the best club in the world”. “To be wanted so strongly by the best club in the world makes me proud, but also very emotional and happy”.
‼️Chelsea could offer Raheem Sterling a £million payment to terminate his deal at Stamford Bridge. {Football Insider}
❤️👀 Mo Salah: “I told Rio Ngumoha after the game… my guy, jusr leave the social media ALONE”. “You can be happy about the goal with your family, your friends. But don't really get engaged and just get your appreciation from outside world because it's always going to be fake. You're going to always try to seek that”.
Pedro have % possible to win POTM AUG
🚨 Hansi Flick has warned Marcus Rashford that he must improve both physically and mentally if he wants to play more regularly for Barcelona. Importantly, the club still have faith in the English forward.
🚨💣 BREAKING: Trabzonspor reach verbal agreement with Manchester United to sign André Onana on loan. Club to club verbal agreement in place and final decision now up to Onana. It’s only up to the goalkeeper. 🇹🇷
EXCLUSIVE: André Onana agrees to join Trabzonspor, here we go! All contracts are now signed on player side, waiting on counter approval from Trabzonspor and travel next week. Deal done on loan from Manchester United as revealed on Saturday, no buy option or loan fee.
This one go sweet Man U fans
Like seriously
When I first saw this at afternoon I was like oh oh I sha dey wonder say no be so Bayern mumu reach nah to pay .m for a loan for Jackson with an option to buy at m I no know say the clause with it is almost impossible, they’re only starting him if he plays games from the start not as a substitute😂 The only way that can happen is if Harry Kane got injured and is a long term injury
🇧🇪🗣️ Kevin De Bruyne: "Conte’s style is very different from Guardiola's. He's much more tactical and a bit slower. The style of play is different but so are the pitches, which are drier. This makes it harder to maintain the pace."
🗣️ Lionel Messi : “I’ve seen many great African players. I can say Mo Salah is the best. He is a special player.”
🗣️Rodri says #Arsenal’s Martin Zubimendi is the man to take the Spanish national team forward: “Martin is a great player. He has the discipline and mentality that can lead him to become one of the best, if he isn’t already. I spoke to him the other day and told him it was his time, that I was leaving him the keys to the team.” 🤝 🇪🇸
🚨🇳🇱 𝐎𝐅𝐅𝐈𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 | Memphis Depay is now Netherland's all-time TOP goalscorer! 🥇✅ goals and counting for Depay. History made.
🚨🇶🇦 Presnel Kimpembé leaves Paris Saint-Germain to join Qatar SC, deal signed today. After years at the club, it’s over between PSG and Kimpembé.
🚨 Andre Onana has now signed his Trabzonspor contract, as called. As revealed earlier, Onana gave his green light to the move. Formalisation from all sides expected within hours. Exclusive detail: Onana will earn more than at #MUFC due to the sign-on and bonuses offered by Trabzonspor.🇨🇲
André Onana really vexed MUFC FANS last season 😩😂
🚨 Nuno Espirito Santo departs position as Nottingham Forest head coach. #NFFC set to confirm yo Portuguese relieved of duties (not his decision) after almost yrs in charge + guiding club to Europe. W/
Fenerbahce president Alic Koc explains Mourinho's sacking: 🗣 "We parted ways because we believed this squad would be playing better football at this point. We knew our coach would put emphasis on defence when we brought him in, but we talked about the need to play more dominantly at the end of the season. Scoring goals and getting points [as Fenerbahce had done in the Superlig in the - season] is our genetic code."
🚨 Ange Postecoglou to be confirmed as Nottingham Forest head coach imminently after Nuno Espirito Santo departure. yo Australian will lead #NFFC for Saturday’s trip to Arsenal - joined by a number of staff worked with at Tottenham Hotspur
👀🌕 Lamine Yamal: “I think I’m a player who has the ability to WIN MANY BALLON D’ORS, that if I don’t do it it’s because I haven’t done things well or because I didn’t want to”. “So I DREAM of having many and the day that comes, it will come and I’ll be very happy”.
🚨Wow😯 Believable OFFICIAL: Grealish wins Premier League Player of the Month award
Arsenal vs Nott'm Forest Lineups: Arsenal: Raya, Calafiori, Gabriel, Mosquera, Timber, Zubimendi, Odegaard, Merino, Eze, Madueke, Gyokeres Nott'm Forest: Sels, Williams, Milenkovic, Murillo, Morato, Sangare, Anderson, Hudson-Odoi, Gibbs-White, Ndoye, Wood
David Raya makes his th Arsenal appearance against Nottingham Forest. He’s kept clean sheets, the most of any PL goalkeeper in that time 😳
Dem say Yamal get sweetie , how true?
Naw wetin we hear be that oo 😂
O funny 😂😂😂
Enzo Maresca is that coach who think he’s a genius,and he’s not one😂 This has to be one of the worst tactical response to a red card have seen in my entire lifetime of watching football @⁨~Chr!🗽⁩ see our coach overthinking a simple thing 😂
We want to play Brentford and you bench most of your player bcos you have a champions league match and you went ahead to draw the match then lost to Bayern, and this happened again This one dey use Chelsea to gain experience ni oo😂😂😂
🗣️❗️Ousmane Dembélé's mother has announced a "Ballon d'Or tour": "It's the Ballon d'Or of all Africa. We are going to take it to Senegal, to everywhere."
🗣️ Gerard Piqué's idea to end draws: "Neither team should get points if the match ends in a - draw."
After completing a healthy and trophy-filled campaign with Barcelona last season, Raphinha walked on his knees across the entire Montjuic pitch. The Brazilian star also did this with Leeds after securing survival on the final matchday of the season 🙏 This gesture is a personal expression of his faith and gratitude, deeply rooted in South American football culture 🇧🇷🙌
🗣️ Rafael Leão: "When I was , I joined Benfica's academy. My dad didn't have a car at the time, so I couldn't get to the training. Benfica said, 'Sign the contract & we'll have a van to take your son from school to training'. The van never arrived for a week & I cried. We signed for Sporting instead."
🚨| FIFA have held talks on expanding the World Cup to participating nations. 🏆🌍 []
Carabao Cup fourth round draw result Here are the full results for the Carabao Cup fourth round: Arsenal vs Brighton Grimsby vs Brentford Swansea vs Manchester City Newcastle vs Tottenham Wrexham vs Cardiff Liverpool vs Crystal Palace Wolves vs Chelsea Wycombe Wanderers vs Fulham
🚨 𝗢𝗙𝗙𝗜𝗖𝗜𝗔𝗟: West Ham have confirmed the sacking of Graham Potter and his entire backroom staff. (Source: )
🚨⚒️ Nuno Espirito Santo, new West Ham manager with immediate effect as contract has been approved. Portuguese manager replaces Graham Potter with first training session later today. Nuno says yes to #WHUFC project.
Brentford XI: Kelleher; Kayode, Van den Berg, Collins, Hickey; Henderson, Yarmoliuk, Damsgaard; Dango, Thiago, Schade. Man Utd XI: Bayindir; De Ligt, Maguire, Shaw; Dalot, Ugarte, Fernandes, Dorgu; Mbeumo, Cunha; Sesko. #BREMUN
😂😂😂
Jackson is good, he go do everything right but na that goal be hin problem
Normal
Wetin dey occur @⁨~Deedat Brown⁩ una don dey chop -
Den go do comeback
Even man United fans no really believe this
Sesko finally scores
Man U matter no dey pain me again jare
BREAKING: Anthony Taylor will referee Chelsea vs Liverpool this weekend. CFC Another red loading 🧐
⚽️ goals 🎯 assists Robert Lewandowski's career doesn't get enough love 🤯🇵🇱
🚨 Guardiola: “In training, Rodri said. I'm not able to play. I have a lot of pain in my knee, I cannot play”. “And I said: You cannot play? You don't play. So, another one is going to play. It’s the same knee he had injured”.
Knee injury, there's no way 😢 it can't heal forever
I hate knee injury in my life 😫 because it will damage 💔 alot
🚨 Enzo Maresca: “After reviewing last two games, Man United and Brighton, I could have done better probably in terms of decisions, no doubt”. “For me, it's like a learning process to play with players. It's not something normal”.
There were EIGHT goals scored in the th minute or later in the Premier League on Saturday. ◉ ' - Haaland vs. Burnley ◉ +' - De Cuyper vs. Chelsea ◉ +' - Kroupi Jr vs. Leeds ◉ +' - Haaland vs. Burnley ◉ +' - Palhinha vs. Wolves ◉ +' - Jensen vs. Man United ◉ +' - Nketiah vs. Liverpool ◉ +' - Welbeck vs. Chelsea The most ever in a single day in the competition's entire history. 🤯
Where's arsenal own... Na do then hate arsenal reach
Saturday matches Arsenal did their own on Sunday
Oriwon buru... Since it's only arsenal that did on sunday then suppose combined it together
🚨 Barça director Deco on Rashford deal with Man United: “We signed Marcus on a simple loan with an option to buy. It’s not an high fee”. “There are no penalties if we do not sign him permanently. He’s doing great, we are very happy… the final decisions come later”, told MD.
João Pedro was sent off after a nd yellow in Chelsea's UCL match against Benfica. That's three red cards in four matches for the Blues 😳
Mohamed Salah: I had never played in such an atmosphere in my life. It was really hard to stay focused. The noise was deafening and we couldn’t cope with it. Congratulations to Galatasaray.
İlkay Gündoğan: “One of the opponent players came to me during the game and asked me is the atmosphere always like that.”
🚨🇨🇴 Manchester United have now sealed and signed deal to bring in year old Colombian talent Cristian Orozco. $m transfer fee from Fortaleza in deal valid from summer . #MUFC lawyers approved all the contracts, deal coordinated by lead scout Antonaccio. Here we go. 🔐
So Liverpool fans no get noise be that
Them see noise wey pass their own ni
Yes oo
🛑 Virgil van Dijk: “I’ve said repeatedly that this season will be tough”. “It’s not only because of happens on the pitch, but also because of what has happened off it”.
@⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ up Barcelona
For life 😂
E pele
Waiting for chelsea 💙 to flog ur high line too
No problem we shall see
Okay
Omoh
Top
NEW: Netflix set to bid for Champions League games in TV rights shake-up Uefa’s new way of selling broadcast deals expected to spark scramble for games by global streaming platforms
🚨⚪️ Tottenham majority owners Lewis family trust have put another £m into the club. “As the club’s management decides what’s needed to deliver success, more money will be available. The Lewis family is committed to backing the club to be successful”.
🚨❗️Chelsea expect Cole Palmer to be sidelined until November following a club meeting about his groin injury. He is set to miss: ▪︎ Nottingham Forest ▪︎ Ajax ▪︎ Sunderland ▪︎ Wolves () #CFC
William Saliba on taking revenge against Enzo Fernández’s Argentina: 🗣 "I’ve taken revenge with Arsenal on Chelsea. But it’s clear that, of course, when a team beats you, the only thing you want is to play them again."
🚨😳 | 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆 : LEAKED conversation between Brazilian model Anna Silva and Vinicius Jr: • Vinicius: "Send a [s*xual] video 🙈🙈." 🗣️ Anna Silva's audio: "I'm not the kind of woman who's going to send you videos when you haven't done anything to deserve them. You talk to me when you want and ask me for a video..." "It would be easier for you to subscribe to OnlyFans or go to a p*rn website, because for me that's just maniacal, really... You're so egocentric." • Vinicius' response: "Sorry, baby. I understand you perfectly. My bad... We started off on the wrong foot, and I hope things get better. Respect always come first!" 😬
Vinícius Junior explains his relationship with Virginia via Instagram: "We all go through moments that make us reflect and grow. Recently, I experienced a situation that made me reflect and recognize attitudes that did not represent who I want to be or the kind of relationships I want to build." "Virginia is an incredible woman, an admirable mother, and someone for whom I feel immense affection and respect. Since we met, she has come to Madrid three times to see me, leaving behind her routine, her commitments, and her life just to be with me. I met an admirable mother and an incredible partner. "Although we were not yet officially a couple, there was a sincere connection." "I am not ashamed to admit that I was careless, that I did not respond in the best way possible, and that I disappointed her." "Therefore, I want to publicly apologize, with an open heart, because I understood that a true relationship only exists when there is respect, trust, and transparency." "The idea now is to start everything anew. Without lies, without fights, without masks. With lots of love, affection, and respect."
🚨 Kylian Mbappé: “I have settled well in Madrid, I'm a little more relaxed there. This isn't an attack on France, of course”. “The lifestyle is different, it's less hectic than in Paris. I've managed to get my head and legs back in place”.
🚨🇫🇷 Kylian Mbappé on his physical conditions: “My ankle? I want to play. The coach wants me to play. I don't think there's a major problem. I feel fine”. “I haven't trained yet, but I'll train today. There's no particular concern. I want to play and qualify for the World Cup”.
🚨 Éder Militão: “With my second knee injury, a lot of things went through my head… I thought about retiring from football”. “It’s not easy, but with the help of my wife, my daughter, and my teammates, I'm here today to play well”.
🗣️ Kylian Mbappé: “Lamine Yamal? People talk a lot about his personal life, I think they should leave him alone. In football, he is a great player, but in life, he is an -year-old kid.”
🗣️ Serge Gnabry: “You are years old and you always ask your parents for money. Then you're or and you're making more money than your entire family. Imagine that. I remember when I broke into the first team, I started spending my money on unnecessary things. The £ toiletry bag. The sparkling Louboutins of the time. The Rolex. This is what broke my parents. That's what made them calm me down to talk. I remember what my mother said: “Serge, you know… it might not be forever. You can't spend money like that. You have to keep your feet on the ground because everyone falls at some point. A few weeks after that conversation, everything fell apart. I injured my knee and couldn't do anything for about months. Time was simply frozen. When I finally returned to the field, I couldn't join the group. All of a sudden I was on loan to West Brom. It was as if my mother had seen the future.”
The CAF playoff winner might need to win up to four games to reach the World Cup depending on their FIFA ranking. First comes a semifinal and final in Morocco between the four best group runners-up, with matchups based on the FIFA rankings of October , . The winner then advances to the intercontinental playoffs, where six teams from CAF, AFC, CONMEBOL, OFC, and CONCACAF (x) will compete. The four lowest-ranked teams play first, with the winners going on to face the two highest-ranked sides for the final two World Cup spots. Long journey ahead 😅
🚨 Enzo Maresca: "Levi and Liam are still out. Unfortunately Benoit will be out until December, a muscle problem. We are going to wait for him. Moi, Enzo and Pedro did not take part in the session yesterday. We will see if they can train today. Reece is okay, he is fully fit." Cole Palmer will be out for more weeks #CFC
🚨🗣️James Milner on the incident with Lionel Messi: "I didn’t have a beef with him..." "I caught him with a heavy challenge at the Camp Nou. He wasn’t too happy about it. I gave him a tap and asked, ‘Are you okay?’ Then he started shouting ‘BURRO! BURRO!’, which means ‘donkey’ in Spanish." "I don’t think he realised I understood Spanish. He said, 'That foul you did? That’s because I nutmegged you.' At He nutmegged me when I was playing for City, and I think that clip got millions of views on YouTube. But honestly, he nutmegs everyone he plays against. He’s an incredible player."
🗣️ Iker Casillas: "In , I had a heart attack and was taken to the hospital. The next day, I got a call from an unknown number. I answered, and it was Messi on the line. He said, 'Hey Iker, I didn't have your number, but I got it from Piqué. I hope you get well soon. I sent you a bouquet of flowers, hope you like them.' I was honestly blown away by his humility. He didn’t have to call me; we weren’t even friends before."
💙❤️ Marcus Rashford: “I’m happy to be Barça’s top scorer and assister right now, but I know I can still do better”. “I haven’t reached my limit yet, though I’m getting close to it”.
Chelsea have named a Premier League XI without Moisés Caicedo for the first time since Christmas Eve vs. Wolves. They've won none of their last five games without him in the starting XI (D L). 👀
Today will be th lose
😳 Evangelos Marinakis has been in charge of Olympiakos since and sacked coaches. He has sacked Ange Postecoglou in the stadium, even before going home.
Real Madrid are set to release Antonio Rüdiger at the end of the - season. (Source: )
Yes nahh
The man na game house ,he suppose buy not football team
🚨🗣️Harry Kane on Jobe Bellingham's mistake that led to Bayern's second goal yesterday: "It was a tough situation for him. He tried to control the first ball, but Michael Olise reacted well and slid into the ball. It was unfortunate for Jobe, but he just has to keep going and work hard." "He's a good player with a lot of potential. I'm sure he wants to play more right now, but that's part of learning at this level. He has a great future ahead of him, he just needs to keep working."
🌟 LIVERPOOL XI: Mamardashvili, Bradley, Konate, Van Dijk, Kerkez, Gravenberch, Mac Allister, Szoboszlai, Salah, Isak, Gakpo. 🌟 MANCHESTER UNITED XI: Lammens, De Ligt, Maguire, Shaw, Amad, Casemiro, Fernandes, Dalot, Mbeumo, Mount, Cunha.
🚨 𝗦𝗧𝗔𝗧: Cesc Fábregas' Como have now gone unbeaten in out of games played this season! ✨
FRANCESCO FARIOLI'S WORK AT FC PORTO IS ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE! ✨👀 • GAMES PLAYED • GAMES WON • GAME DRAWN • GOALS SCORED • GOALS CONCEDED
🚨 Ange Postecoglou was manager for Nottingham Forest for days. The club's statement confirming his sacking was words long, one for each day.
🚨🗣️ Joan Laporta: "We will compensate for what we stopped earning at the Johan Cruyff with the revenues from the Miami match." "I cannot say how much we will earn because LaLiga has to communicate it to us."
🚨🗣️Joan Laporta: "Barça will make money by playing in Miami against Villarreal. Furthermore, the investment funds that have financed Espai Barça are from the United States. It is a market that interests us greatly."
🚨🗣️ Joan Laporta: "UEFA wanted to punish us by banning us from playing in the next Champions League." "And precisely the fact that Barcelona is not a public limited company and cannot carry out capital increases was one of the arguments we used to get UEFA to reduce the fines for breaching financial fair play, from €m to €m." "They also wanted to sanction us by excluding us from next season's Champions League."
HARRY KANE FOR BAYERN MUNICH! 🥶 👕 games ⚽️ goals 🅰️ assists
🚨 𝗝𝗨𝗦𝗧 𝗜𝗡: A complete breakdown of how Ange Postecoglou was sacked by Nottingham Forest yesterday, as per The Athletic. He was informed he has been sacked within roughly minutes of the final whistle at the City Ground, during a brief conversation with George Syrianos, the global technical director, in the tunnel area. His last act was to return to the locker room one final time, to share a few words with his players. He told them he was sorry he could not do more for them and wished them all the best for the rest of the campaign. He then walked to his car alone and left. He did not even do the post-match press conference.
🚨 Atleti players had to leave training at Arsenal's stadium tonight without being able to shower. There was no hot water. 🚿❌ There is anger in the Atleti squad
🗣 Alan Pardew: “This Isak one, I just wonder whether it mirrors Torres. Remember when Torres went to Chelsea? He was absolutely phenomenal at Liverpool. Everyone thought when he went to Chelsea it will be game over. It just didn’t pan out.”
🗣️❗️Arteta on Simeone: "What he has done at Atletico, and the way he has done it, is impressive. He’s maintained that level for many years. It shows his self-demand, his emotional and tactical control, and his competitive nature. In many ways, I think we are closer than people think.” Mikel Arteta’s positional play meets Diego Simeone’s defensive plan. TACTICAL WAR INCOMING! ⭐🔥
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: The IFAB will once again analyze Arsène Wenger’s proposal: a player would only be offside if their entire body is ahead of the defender. The idea aims to reduce millimetric controversies and increase the number of goals — but it would completely change how teams defend.
🚨 𝗝𝗨𝗦𝗧 𝗜𝗡: Atlético Madrid have filed a complaint with UEFA over the unusual situation of having no hot water available for their players after training at the Emirates Stadium. The club is outraged, especially since the players trained under the rain and had to rush back to the hotel to shower.
🚨🗣️ Dani Carvajal: "Playing the Barcelona-Villarreal match in Miami is a distortion of La Liga's reputation." "It is not fair because it does not allow all La Liga teams to compete under the same conditions."
🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Klopp: "There were moments during my time at Liverpool where players would feel disappointed with my choices and then would post something on their social media in the evening, and then quickly delete it." "The next day in the dressing room, in front of everyone, I would tell him: 'okay, go ahead and explain to us why you posted that little message.' • Wait, you did this in front of everybody? "Yes."
🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Klopp: "The reason I do it this way is because from them on, no player will think of doing it again because he knows that if he does it, he will have to explain it in the dressing room in front of everyone."
• Have there been players in your career where you could have been tougher with, but you couldn't because it would affect their performance? 🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Klopp: "Oh yes, Sadio Mané and Mo Salah are big examples."
🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Klopp: "I treat each individual player differently. And sometimes a player would come up to me and say: 'You would NEVER speak the same way to me like you did to him!". And I would respond: "No, I wouldn't. Because he grew up in Argentina in a house with no windows, and you grew up in Munich. And now you want me to treat YOU like HIM? Growing up in places like Argentina or Senegal is different than growing up in Munich!"
🚨🇧🇷 Endrick, expected to leave Real Madrid on loan in January with talks already taking place. The Brazilian wants to play more also ahead of World Cup … …and Real Madrid are understood to be open to a loan move for Endrick. 👀🔜
Barça small small o.
Thanks No time
Badguy😒😂
Bet responsible 😉😂
//, : - + : Chelsea e ni kuure if you spoil this ticket 😂
Lollllllll
Loll
Only Chelsea remain for now ooo
Chalea e ni kuure 🫵
Bet responsible nahh
Chalea e ni kuure 🫵😂😂😂
I bet responsible na I don’t borrow play and I play with what I can afford to lose but still on still e go still pain you 😂😂😂
I swear
Madness in Italy 💀💀💀 🗣️ Lautaro Martinez shouted at Conte: You're terrified there, yeah, you're peeing yourself from fear! Conte responded with intense anger, shouting: “Go and score! Score! Score, you piece of crap!”
Fabian Hurzeler on Manchester United this season: “Much more intense, much more compact, defending forward and more quality. The money was well invested.”
🚨 Maresca: “We were not good enough. When you are not good enough in the Premier League, the consequence can be a bad one. When you can't win, it's important you don't lose. The second goal is not a transition, it's a long ball and we don't defend properly”
Liverpool have now conceded within minutes in their last four Premier League games: ⏱ minutes vs Crystal Palace ⏱ minutes vs Chelsea ⏱ minutes vs Man United ⏱ minutes vs Brentford
Liverpool have lost their last four Premier League games: ❌ - vs Crystal Palace ❌ - vs Chelsea ❌ - vs Man United ❌ - vs Brentford They won five in a row before this streak 😳
No side has dropped more points from winning positions in the PL this season than Chelsea (). 👎 No side has gained more points from losing positions in the PL this season than Sunderland (). 👍
Brentford stadium is singing: "YOU'RE GETTING SACKED IN THE MORNING, SACKED IN THE MORNINGGGGGG!"
Aston Villa vs Man City Lineups: Aston Villa: Martinez, Digne, Torres, Konsa, Cash, Onana, Kamara, McGinn, Rogers, Buendia, Watkins Man City: Donnarumma, Gvardiol, Dias, Stones, Nunes, Reijnders, Bobb, Silva, Foden, Savinho, Haaland
Arsenal vs Crystal Palace Lineups: Arsenal: Raya, Calafiori, Saliba, Gabriel, Timber, Eze, Zubimendi, Rice, Trossard, Saka, Gyokeres Crystal Palace: Henderson, Guehi, Richards, Lacroix, Mitchell, Kamada, Wharton, Munoz, Pino, Sarr, Mateta
Abeg wetin Madrid Barca play today?? @⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ @⁨~Francis⁩
Football ⚽️
Na the match result I wan know I hear say Yamal scored hatrick 🥱
Yes nahh....
Hattrick dribble or throwing
Na ojoro
I’m coming
🚨 𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚: Alexander Isak hasn't trained today ahead of Liverpool's Champions League fixture with Real Madrid this week. 🚨 𝗥𝗘𝗠𝗜𝗡𝗗𝗘𝗥: His career injury record now looks like this: ▪ Injuries: ▪ Days missed: ▪ Games missed: He's currently out of action due to the th groin injury of his career.
They play
Iya nanii
✋🙂🤚
Confirmed: Anthony Taylor will take charge of #Chelsea's Premier League clash against Arsenal. VAR: John Brooks
🚨 Mikel Arteta: “Our director Berta was excellent in delivering Eze, because at the moment, we are missing Gabriel, Havertz, Gyökeres, Jesus, Ødegaard… Martinelli & Madueke just came back, so thanks God we have a lot of players!”.
🗣️Jules Kounde on Facing Chelsea tomorrow: 😅 “Chelsea have Estevão, we have Yamal… it’s definitely going to be a busy night for us defenders.”
Cucurella on how he’s preparing for Yamal and Barca : “I tell estevao to put shin pads on in training because I start to prepare for Barca” 🤣
🚨 Cucurella on facing Yamal: . “It is not Lamine vs Cucurella, my teammates will try to help me, it will be a tough game but hopefully we can do our best to win it."
🚨🚨😲 “Tensions between Vini Jr and Xabi Alonso have only GROWN in the last months, and it’s become a DEBATE at the club”, says The Athletic. “It’s a SUPER TENSE CASE”. 🔥🇧🇷
#Wontumisportsbuffet : “Barcelona has only won one of their last away games against Chelsea” -Messiah
🚨 DID YOU KNOW: Barcelona have not won at Stamford Bridge since .
They tag @⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩
Why u dey tell us
Your Bridge will collapse tonight
Arsenal don Dey get mouth 😂 Small yansh Dey shake 😂😂
When you good you good
You good 😂😂 You better carry league this season or championship league
//, : - Brother Abd Afeez: Nothing concern u na ... I carry , A no carry na our matter Make u na leave us alone
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩ @⁨~Ogunbisi Akeem⁩ Akeem most not eat tonight ooo
Up barca
Yamal in hospital
E don dey eat ooo😂
Marc Cucurella on Lamine Yamal:
Barcelona boss Hansi Flick: "When you see #Chelsea, they play more dynamic. This is what I want from my team. Sometimes we try to control the game, but here against a club playing in the Premier League, second in the table, it's not like that."
🗣️ Vincent Kompany on Arsenal: “It feels like we’re playing probably the most in-form team in Europe…” 🥇
//, : - + : 🚨🚨| 𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐎𝐑𝐃: PSG now hold the most Champions League wins ever achieved by a club in a single calendar year. → PSG - → Bayern Munich - → Real Madrid -
🚨 Declan Rice: “I'm now probably playing best football of my career. I just feel so confident, every time I'm training, every time I'm stepping on the pitch. Probably the fittest I've even been” “I'm really happy with my game. Long may it continue”.
Declan Rice on Caicedo comparisons and battle on Sunday : "I have a lot of respect for Moises, I have played against him since the Brighton days, I had him in my PFA TOTY last year, I thought he was outstanding, he has started this year incredibly well, there is a lot of comparisons but we are playing different positions, he's a full blown while I am more of a box to box number , Sunday is going to be an interesting game but the most important thing is I have a lot of respect for him as a player"
Liverpool have lost three consecutive games in all competitions by a margin of + goals for the first time since December . Alarming.
Joshua Kimmich 🗣 "It was clear that it wouldn't be a game like the one against Chelsea, where it's mostly about playing football. It was clear that it would be a lot about fighting, lots of long balls. Arsenal then naturally made every ball dangerous."
Barcelona are concerned because Lamine Yamal has become 'public enemy #' for opposing fans in away games. It happened at Stamford Bridge, against Brugge, and at the Bernabeu.
🚨📉 Thomas Frank's Tottenham side have conceded goals in their last matches... ❌- loss vs Arsenal ❌- loss vs PSG This is the first time Tottenham have conceded + goals in back-to-back games since . 😮
Arsenal squad depth is so crazy, their injury list keeps growing and it’s still not stoping them Jesus Havertz Odegarrd Gyokeres Gabriel
U can use juju naaah
We’re stopping you on Sunday
Kosiwahala
Till then
Iya n royin 😂
You Dey fear beating
Adopt every possible way to win
🚨🗣 Szczęsny: "I played my first season at Barça FOR FREE. What I received from Barcelona was exactly what I had to pay back to Juventus for terminating my contract early."
🚨 Rúben Amorim: “Matheus Cunha will not be available this weekend”. “For Šeško it’s going to take a bit more time, Harry Maguire’s going to take some time too”.
🚨🔴⚪ Arteta: “Gabriel Magalhães is evolving well. We have to wait for that scan a little bit longer to be more precise in terms of the timings”. “But I'm quite confident, especially with the way Gabi takes every injury and pushes everybody… won’t be that long”.
Y’all don’t understand game yesterday game will affect chelsea they play beyond their power. Chelsea will pay for this performance in the coming games. You don’t challenge for a title by winning one match. Caicedo will miss next match fatigue will set in. Watch their level drop they play beyond their reach and they only play Arsenal and other big team with envy to prove a stupid point. They play with hard tackle and power but arsenal mistake by following them play the Same. Y’all will be surprise when they started dropping like mad and they will not carry even silver spoon 🥄 this season go and bookmark this😂😂😂😂
Eyin matun mu lamba sile gan ooo🤣🤣🤣🤣
We shall see 😂😂😂
🚨 𝗦𝗧𝗔𝗧: Kylian Mbappé has equalled Cristiano Ronaldo's record with the MOST goals in one calendar year ( goals). The all-time record with most goals in one calendar year still belongs to Lionel Messi ().
I said make una bookmark this 😂😂😂
@⁨~Ukay GBG⁩
Robinhood fc😂
Shey kosi oo
I personally know we are not contender for the pl bcos of the inconsistency and thats why I never for once brag we are winning the league and also e be like say Tosin has Maresca nude and he dey use am threating him that he must use him no matter what
🚨⚠ Real Madrid confirm Trent Alexander-Arnold has suffered a muscle injury. He’s gonna be out for around two months, reports .
𝗪𝗢𝗥𝗟𝗗 𝗖𝗨𝗣 𝗗𝗥𝗔𝗪 𝗜𝗡 𝗙𝗨𝗟𝗟: 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗔: 🇲🇽 Mexico 🇰🇷 South Korea 🇿🇦 South Africa 🇪🇺 European Play-Off D 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗕: 🇨🇦 Canada 🇨🇭 Switzerland 🇶🇦 Qatar 🇪🇺 European Play-Off A 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗖: 🇧🇷 Brazil 🇲🇦 Morocco 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Scotland 🇭🇹 Haiti 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗗: 🇺🇸 United States 🇦🇺 Australia 🇵🇾 Paraguay 🇪🇺 European Play-Off C 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗘: 🇩🇪 Germany 🇪🇨 Ecuador 🇨🇮 Ivory Coast 🇨🇼 Curaçao 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗙: 🇳🇱 Netherlands 🇯🇵 Japan 🇹🇳 Tunisia 🇪🇺 European Play-Off B 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗚: 🇧🇪 Belgium 🇮🇷 Iran 🇪🇬 Egypt 🇳🇿 New Zealand 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗛: 🇪🇸 Spain 🇺🇾 Uruguay 🇸🇦 Saudi Arabia 🇨🇻 Cabo Verde 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗜: 🇫🇷 France 🇸🇳 Senegal 🇳🇴 Norway 🌍 FIFA Play-Off Tournament 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗝: 🇦🇷 Argentina 🇦🇹 Austria 🇩🇿 Algeria 🇯🇴 Jordan 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗞: 🇵🇹 Portugal 🇨🇴 Colombia 🇺🇿 Uzbekistan 🌍 FIFA Play-Off Tournament 𝗚𝗥𝗢𝗨𝗣 𝗟: 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 England 🇭🇷 Croatia 🇵🇦 Panama 🇬🇭 Ghana
𝐄𝐑𝐋𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐇𝐀𝐀𝐋𝐀𝐍𝐃 𝐯𝐬 𝐊𝐘𝐋𝐈𝐀𝐍 𝐌𝐁𝐀𝐏𝐏𝐄 🍿 Haaland this season: 🏟️ games ⚽️ goals 🅰️ assists Mbappé this season 🏟️ games ⚽ goals 🅰️ assists They will face at the World Cup Group Stage in Norway vs France… 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐢𝐭 𝐛𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐁𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐨𝐧 𝐝’𝐎𝐫 𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐞? 👀
🗣 Enzo Maresca: "One of the regrets I have after the game is that I didn't play with Josh [Acheampong]. Tosin don later let our overthinker coach voice out😂
🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Donald Trump: "Pele was fantastic. I assume, one of the greats." 🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Donald Trump: "We [USA] have to come up with another name for what we now call "soccer", we should call if football."
🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Infantino: "You definitely deserve this FIFA Peace prize. You can always count on MY [Infantino] support." 🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Donald Trump: "It's such an honor to be with Infantino. He has set new records on ticket sales." 🚨🗣️ 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Donald Trump: "Football is an amazing thing."
Paul Scholes on Kobbie Mainoo lack of minutes: "It's BULLSH*T! The kid is being ruined! He is not being played in a team that can't even control a game of football." "I hate seeing home grown players leave, but it's probably best for him, enough is enough!"
🗣️ Marcelo: “Becoming a coach? No. I never understood tactics. How am I going to explain -- to a player? It’s too much for my head.
Marcelo naw olodo 😂
🚨 𝗗𝗜𝗗 𝗬𝗢𝗨 𝗞𝗡𝗢𝗪: Mikel Merino often played as a centre back for Borussia Dortmund under Thomas Tuchel. Right now he is among the highest goal scorers within the Arsenal squad.
Aston Villa's last games: 🟣 • wins • goals scored • goals conceded Arsenal's last games: ❤️ • wins • draws • goals scored • goals conceded
ASTON VILLA XI: Martinez, Cash, Konsa, Torres, Maatsen, Kamara, Onana, McGinn, Tielemans, Rogers, Watkins. ARSENAL XI: Raya; White, Timber, Hincapie, Calafiori; Zubimendi, Rice; Saka, Odegaard, Eze; Merino.
Before nkor. Person wey no dey sleep
🇪🇸 Lamine Yamal has become the nd youngest player in Europe's top five leagues history to reach league goals. — years and days. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 The youngest is Chelsea's Jimmy Greaves — years and days. 📅 A record that has stood for years.
🐐 Lionel Messi at Inter Miami UNREAL numbers 👕 games ⚽️ goals 🅰️ assists 🥅 G/A 🎯 free-kick goals 🅿️ penalties …and the trophy cabinet keeps growing: 🏆 Leagues Cup 🏆 MLS Supporters’ Shield 🏆 MLS Eastern Conference Cup 🏆 MLS Cup 🇺🇸 Messi isn’t just dominating MLS,he’s the greatest player American soccer has ever seen.
𝐋𝐈𝐎𝐍𝐄𝐋 𝐌𝐄𝐒𝐒𝐈 𝐖𝐈𝐍𝐒 𝐇𝐈𝐒 𝟒𝟖𝐓𝐇 𝐂𝐀𝐑𝐄𝐄𝐑 𝐓𝐑𝐎𝐏𝐇𝐘 🏆 The most decorated player 𝙀𝙑𝙀𝙍 adds another to his tally × La Liga 🏆 × Supercopa de España 🏆 × Copa del Rey 🏆 × Champions League 🏆 × UEFA Super Cup 🏆 × Club World Cup 🏆 × Ligue 🏆 × Copa América 🏆 × World Cup 🏆 × Finalissima 🏆 × Olympic Medal 🏆 × U World Cup 🏆 × Trophée des Champions 🏆 × Leagues Cup 🏆 × MLS Supporters’ Shield 🏆 × Eastern Conference 🏆 × MLS Cup 🏆
Na so chelsea come in peace.... Second loss of season ... No matter wat Am still the owner of the league this seadon
Jamie Carragher on Salah’s interview: “Listen, you are the king of Egypt, the greatest winger in Premier League history and I get that you feel wronged. But the truth is you’ve been awful and now you throw a strop only when it’s about yourself? Legends like Kenny, Rush and a few others would never have behaved in this way and he’s acting childish in my eyes. Why say this now? This is a time where he should be hanging his head in shame and apologising to Arne for his conduct.”
[🟢] BREAKING: Mohammed Salah will be docked weeks of his wages for his lack of professionalism during his interview following the Leeds match. ()
Best coach 😂😂😂
The PRIEST is coming watch out
Shey na because I be Arsenal fan I dey always dey second 😭
You’re always coming 😂😂😂
Dey enjoy that second position, you don hear say @⁨~Priest ☦️⁩ is coming He’s coming for the second position sha🥱
Nigeria will automatically qualify for the FIFA World Cup Intercontinental Play-off Final IF DR Congo is found guilty of fielding ineligible Players. Nigeria submitted the only petition about the issue, so they will directly benefit from it.
Ok na😎 He dey aim for second position I dey aim for first position
Make both of una continue to dey aim like that Me wey don turn Mario for number one
Ok oo We go see for the end of the season
I like your spirit
Naw position I dey come for
Ok we'll go see by the end of the season
🇲🇦🌍 AFCON —The Tournament of Firsts & Records 📊 𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐎𝐑𝐃𝐒 𝐁𝐑𝐎𝐊𝐄𝐍 🎟️ Highest ticket sales ever (Africa + Europe) 💼 €M+ in sponsorships 💰 Highest revenues before kickoff 🏟️ Biggest total & average stadium capacity 📡 Widest global broadcast reach in AFCON history 🥇 𝐅𝐈𝐑𝐒𝐓𝐒 𝐀𝐂𝐇𝐈𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐃 🏟️ world-class stadiums 🏕️ Every team gets its own base camp 🏨 All teams in -star hotels 🎥 HDR, drones, spidercam & ultra-motion at every match 🌐 Direct international broadcast from pitch-side studios & no France relay 🎛️ Fully centralized AV production inside host nation 🚄 High-speed rail linking host cities—watch multiple matches in one day 🇲🇦 Morocco isn’t hosting AFCON. 🌍 Morocco is redefining African football. ⚽ Infrastructure. Vision. Legacy.
🚨🔵 BREAKING: Manchester City are progressing to complete deal for Antoine Semenyo in next days. As revealed, City have been pushing in last h to accelerate in talks. Semenyo indicated #MCFC as favorite destination despite Man United trying hard + Chelsea/Spurs out of race.
🌟🔴 Arsenal will head into Christmas on TOP of the Premier League for the rd time in the last years! • /: 🎄🥇 • /: 🎄🥇 • /: 🎄🥇
But end the season trophy less
Time to break the curse
When it's ur time .... No body gonna hold it So when this season is for arsenal all of us gonna be happy unless person wey no like happiness
Lol, why would i be happy that Arsenal won the league.... there's no way I'm happy if any team wins the league except for my team
So try to be happy....
I'm happy but me being happy for Arsenal or any other team winning the league is a NO. That's not how football works, ain't no way the rival fans are gonna be happy if my team wins the league
So enjoy then
🚨 𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Real Madrid are now considering demanding Barcelona to PAY THEM MILLIONS of euros in compensation for the harm they've caused Real Madrid over many years by paying Negreira, Diario As! ⚠️💰
Jose Maria Enriquez Negreira is a former vice-president of the Technical Committee of Referees (CTA) in Spain. He was involved in a scandal with Barcelona, where the club allegedly paid his companies around €. million between and for "refereeing advisory services" ¹ ² ³. Negreira's role in the scandal has raised questions about potential conflicts of interest and influence over refereeing decisions. Barcelona claims the payments were for legitimate consulting services, while Real Madrid and others argue it damaged the integrity of Spanish football ¹ ⁴ ⁵. Negreira passed away in , but the investigation continues, with former Barcelona presidents and officials facing charges related to corruption and false business records ⁶.
Lol, una sha wan finish Barca
🌕🌟 Ballon d'Or Power Rankings, as per Goal: . Harry Kane . Erling Haaland . Kylian Mbappe . Lamine Yamal . Declan Rice . Vitinha . Michael Olise . Luis Diaz . Lionel Messi . Achraf Hakimi Any changes? 👀
Lmao, they found a way to sneak in that short n*gga
Messi bawo .... Anything general award then no suppose they count messi n Ronaldo among
Na media boy so e no dey surprising
Brighton have never won a Premier League match in December under manager Fabian Hürzeler (D L). It’s the most games ever managed by a manager in December without winning. 😬
🚨 Robert Lewandowski on Barça asking him not to score last year to avoid paying bonuses to Bayern: “I don’t really want to talk about. I have too much respect for Barcelona and for the people who work there. I was aware of the situation the club was in. There were many other situations where you had to sacrifice something personally for the good of the club”. “Did I listen to them? Well… it stays in your head. It stays there, even if it’s just a small percentage, but it was enough that once I actually hesitated—whether to score a goal or not. And at the highest level of football, that’s enough”. “Sometimes those %, even %, decide whether you win or whether you score”, told .
🚨 Declan Rice expected to miss Arsenal’s match against Aston Villa tonight after sustaining a knee injury in - victory over Brighton. #AFC hopeful it will be short absence but don't want to risk aggravating issue further. Story for ⬇
🚨 West Ham United are set to sign three new attacking players as the club look at back Nuno Espírito Santo in the transfer market: 🔸 Lazio striker Taty Castellanos (£M) 🔸 Gil Vicente striker Pablo (£M) 🔸 Fulham winger Adama Traoré (£M) They are also having internal discussion around Raheem Sterling. (Source: Various)
🚨 Arteta on ‘bottling’ narrative: “A tremendous reaction again, and I'm not surprised at all”. “I would say, because to predict somebody with a . expected goal, probably and one shot to concede an equaliser, the manner that we did it, is nobody can really understand that”. “This is football and that's the beauty of it. And that was a chapter. So we have a long season, chapter says, okay, we drew against Wolves in this manner”. “What I'm very interested is about the next one, is what we are made of”.
Manchester United co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe has avoided a Football Association charge following an interview in which he claimed the UK had been "colonised by immigrants". The FA has reminded Ratcliffe of his responsibilities, but no further action will be taken despite the comments being widely criticised.
🚨 𝗡𝗘𝗪: Kylian Mbappé's lawyers have visited PSG's headquarters. The club have only paid € million of the remaining €m owed to the player. A court ordered them to pay the player €.m, of which €m had been paid. PSG also want the player to waive part of the court order that forces them to publish content regarding the payments on their website.
🚨🗣️ Julian Alvarez : “I don’t enjoy playing in Madrid anymore. I want to win, I think I need a change!”
Turkish Süper Lig season since /: –: Arif Erdem (Galatasaray), İlhan Mansız (Beşiktaş) - –: Okan Yılmaz (Bursaspor) - –: Zafer Biryol (Konyaspor) - –: Fatih Tekke (Trabzonspor) - –: Gökhan Ünal (Kayserispor) - –: Alex (Fenerbahçe) - –: Semih Şentürk (Fenerbahçe) - –: Milan Baroš (Galatasaray) - –: Ariza Makukula (Kayserispor) - –: Alex (Fenerbahçe) - –: Burak Yılmaz (Trabzonspor) - –: Burak Yılmaz (Galatasaray) - –: Aatif Chahechouhe (Sivasspor) - –: Fernandão (Bursaspor) - –: Mario Gómez (Beşiktaş) - –: Vágner Love (Alanyaspor) - –: Bafétimbi Gomis (Galatasaray) - –: Mbaye Diagne (Kasımpaşa/Galatasaray) - –: Alexander Sørloth (Trabzonspor) - –: Aaron Boupendza (Hatayspor) - –: Umut Bozok (Kasımpaşa) - –: Enner Valencia (Fenerbahçe) - –: Mauro Icardi (Galatasaray) - –: Victor Osimhen (Galatasaray) -
Serie A (Italy) Player of the Season Winners — Francesco Totti 🇮🇹 — David Trezeguet 🇫🇷 — Pavel Nedvěd 🇨🇿 — Andriy Shevchenko 🇺🇦 — Kaká 🇧🇷 — Alberto Gilardino 🇮🇹 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Diego Milito 🇦🇷 — Wesley Sneijder 🇳🇱 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Andrea Pirlo 🇮🇹 — Edinson Cavani 🇺🇾 — Carlos Tevez 🇦🇷 — Carlos Tevez 🇦🇷 — Gonzalo Higuaín 🇦🇷 — Dries Mertens 🇧🇪 — Mauro Icardi 🇦🇷 — Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 — Paulo Dybala 🇦🇷 — Romelu Lukaku 🇧🇪 — Rafael Leão 🇵🇹 — Victor Osimhen 🇳🇬 — Lautaro Martínez 🇦🇷 — Scott McTominay 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
La Liga Player of the Season Winners — Raúl 🇪🇸 — Zinedine Zidane 🇫🇷 — Roy Makaay 🇳🇱 — Ronaldinho 🇧🇷 — Ronaldinho 🇧🇷 — Samuel Eto'o 🇨🇲 — Ruud van Nistelrooy 🇳🇱 — Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Antoine Griezmann 🇫🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Lionel Messi 🇦🇷 — Karim Benzema 🇫🇷 — Jan Oblak 🇸🇮 — Karim Benzema 🇫🇷 — Robert Lewandowski 🇵🇱 — Jude Bellingham 🇬🇧 — Vinícius Júnior🇧🇷
🇫🇷 Ligue Player of the Season Winners — Eric Carrière 🇫🇷 — Pauleta 🇵🇹 — Pauleta 🇵🇹 — Didier Drogba 🇨🇮 — Michael Essien 🇬🇭 — Juninho 🇧🇷 — Florent Malouda 🇫🇷 — Karim Benzema 🇫🇷 — Yoann Gourcuff 🇫🇷 — Lisandro López 🇦🇷 — Eden Hazard 🇧🇪 — Eden Hazard 🇧🇪 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Alexandre Lacazette 🇫🇷 — Zlatan Ibrahimović 🇸🇪 — Edinson Cavani 🇺🇾 — Neymar 🇧🇷 — Kylian Mbappé 🇫🇷 — No award (COVID) — Kylian Mbappé 🇫🇷 — Kylian Mbappé 🇫🇷 — Kylian Mbappé 🇫🇷 — Kylian Mbappé 🇫🇷 — Ousmane Dembélé 🇫🇷
Premier League Player of the Season Winners — Patrick Vieira 🇫🇷 — Freddie Ljungberg 🇸🇪 — Ruud van Nistelrooy 🇳🇱 — Thierry Henry 🇫🇷 — Frank Lampard 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 — Thierry Henry 🇫🇷 — Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 — Cristiano Ronaldo 🇵🇹 — Nemanja Vidić 🇷🇸 — Wayne Rooney 🇬🇧 — Nemanja Vidić 🇷🇸 — Vincent Kompany 🇧🇪 — Gareth Bale 🇬🇧 — Luis Suárez 🇺🇾 — Eden Hazard 🇧🇪 — Jamie Vardy 🇬🇧 — N'Golo Kanté 🇫🇷 — Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 — Virgil van Dijk 🇳🇱 — Kevin De Bruyne 🇧🇪 — Rúben Dias 🇵🇹 — Kevin De Bruyne 🇧🇪 — Erling Haaland 🇳🇴 — Phil Foden 🇬🇧 — Mohamed Salah 🇪🇬 (Source: Wikipedia)
🚨 Diogo Dalot: “I told Benjamin Sesko.. you know what will happen here? You will score one goal and the media will say you are going to be the BEST striker, the next one”. “And when that happens. I need you to be the SAME guy the next day”,
Moisés Caicedo is the only player across Europe’s top five leagues this season to record: • + ball recoveries • + tackles won • + interceptions
🚨 Ten Hag on Arsenal’s situation: “They’ve finished second a few times now. In this league, that usually means something is missing. If they need help taking the final step, my phone is always on.”
Werey man
Una go regret after we collect league
🚨🗣️ Noni Madueke: "My childhood idols? The main one has to be Cristiano Ronaldo. The Manchester United Ronaldo was just different." "The way he played with no fear, no handbrake… He just went to just k*ll whoever was in front of him. Later on in his career, he started banging in goals for fun as well." "He was the first superstar I saw in the game. I just felt like I wanted to be like him. He was a pioneer of so many new moves, he was the first one of our generation who really started to play like he did." "The tricks and the skills, the flicks and the goals on top. It's easy to possess all the skill without the goals, but he had everything, and it came so naturally to him."
Arne Slot on Wayne Rooney’s comment “I think it’s very bold to comment on my managerial position, when if I’m not mistaken, almost every club Wayne (Rooney) has managed, has gotten relegated?”
Chelsea have lost points from winning positions in the Premier League this season. Only West Ham () have lost more 😬
Chelsea have now received six red cards in the Premier League this season, two more than any other side 😳🟥
Burnley goalscorer Zian Flemming: 🗣️ "It sounds weird that I am disappointed with a point at Chelsea, but we need wins. As soon as we got to - we decided to go all-in for the three points. To get so close, we can still be proud, but it is a bit of mixed feelings."
🚨⚪️ Spurs manager, Igor Tudor ahead of facing Arsenal: 🗣️ “We will walk into this game as superstars. Many people depend on our result.”
With all this mouth dem wipe Werey 😂
𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: The Premier League is considering launching its own STREAMING platform just like Netflix. 📺 The idea would allow fans to watch EVERY Premier League match and choose any game they want at any time at around £ per month, The Guardian report. 💰
Chelsea Liverpool Man city Bayern Barcelona Atletico Bodo Arsenal Drop your prediction too #Champions League draw
Psg Liverpool Madrid Bayern Newcastle Tico Sporting Arsenal
Arsenal straight to the final
Why them con put all the kanranjogbon for other side
Naw so the match go make sense everyone with there level
No be say one big team go con face small team
To me self no small team dey here
Sporting qualify straight up
Bodo beat inter
Ogbeni When e don reach this phase everything don change
Nothing change all the club deserve to be here no small club for Champe naw play them take reach here naw war them fight
Champe no small club
Okay I don hear you
Make we see our league table o
All the past years champions league winners dey one side you talk say no big team
No big team kee read what I type well o I said no small team dey Champe no miss quote me
He set but watch out oo first place
Wetin i dey talk be say una side no really hard like the other side
If naw that one yes
That other side naw war
I don’t even knw why they keep giving Madrid to City
Lol I no check my fpl for weeks and una no still chase me comot for first position
He be like say the money wey them dey see for that match only many
THose people know wetin them dey do
Where position u dey in my group 🤔?
I think th
Okay
I suppose dey top but i fell off
Loll
The guy wey they first no wan comot ... years back na like number position e always they
He don learn through the years and now he’s topping the league of over teams
Walahiii... E mean the gift this year ... Last year na him friend they part of the winners that's why e said this year e must chop something
Make una dey give update o
So this fantasy there is another group wey dey win prize
I drop the link that time
Na the prize be that...Small prize
Na number I dey Oga ooo
//, : - + : Omo I no even sabi when
Next season we move
Make i try if i fit still do some abracadabra to enter top 😂
E never too late
Kosegele
Epl team na pussycat 😂😂😂
Nope except team ARSENAL
//, : - + : Amen oo 😂🙏
Man City XI to face #Chelsea: Donnarumma, Nunes, Khusanov, Guéhi, O’Reilly, Rodri, Bernardo, Semenyo, Cherki, Doku, Haaland Bench: Trafford, Reijnders, Ake, Marmoush, Kovacic, Nico, Ait-Nouri, Savinho, Foden
𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: 𝐂𝐇𝐄𝐋𝐒𝐄𝐀 𝐒𝐀𝐂𝐊 𝐇𝐄𝐀𝐃 𝐂𝐎𝐀𝐂𝐇 𝐋𝐈𝐀𝐌 𝐑𝐎𝐒𝐄𝐍𝐈𝐎𝐑 𝐖𝐈𝐓𝐇 𝐈𝐌𝐌𝐄𝐃𝐈𝐀𝐓𝐄 𝐄𝐅𝐅𝐄𝐂𝐓! 👋🏼❌ It’s over after months and consecutive defeats ⚠️🙅🏽‍♂️
𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Sources have disclosed that a growing group of players claimed they didn’t understand what Rosenior was asking them to do. ❌ The issue would have been exacerbated by a tendency to change plans during matches, reports Mail Sport.
Barcelona are the Spanish team most DISADVANTAGED by VAR in the Champions League this season, according to ArchivoVAR
Manuel Neuer did not save a single shot vs. PSG. He is the first goalkeeper in the last UCL seasons to concede + goals WITHOUT recording a single save in a KO stage match 😭
𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Arsenal fans set off 𝐅𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐖𝐎𝐑𝐊𝐒 near Atlético Madrid’s hotel in London at around : AM, while the players were asleep. ⚠️ A group approached the hotel in an attempt to disrupt their rest. More than one player and staff member were affected, reports Marca. ‼️ Atlético reacted quickly, reporting the incident and detailing the sequence of events to UEFA.
𝐁𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐊𝐈𝐍𝐆: Kylian Mbappé is becoming increasingly ISOLATED at Real Madrid, L'Équipe report. Many teammates believe he benefits from 𝐒𝐏𝐄𝐂𝐈𝐀𝐋 𝐏𝐑𝐈𝐕𝐈𝐋𝐄𝐆𝐄𝐒. 👀 The player is said to have a close relationship ONLY with the French members of the squad. There are also reports of behaviour considered DISMISSIVE toward a staff member during training, as well as arriving MINUTES LATE to a team-organised meal. 💣 The images of him landing just 𝟏𝟐 𝐌𝐈𝐍𝐔𝐓𝐄𝐒 before the start of the Espanyol match have only INTENSIFIED the situation. Within the club, there is frustration over his lack of discretion and inability to assess the negative impact on his image. 😤
Omoh
You go down gan this season oo
Everywhere
Even for my own league self I go down...
I later fell off ni I no dey really active for awhile, when i still con dey active my mind no really dey there, atleast i suppose dey top but it is what it is
Hunhun
Okay nahh
🖐🏾😊🤚🏾
🚨🚨🗣️ Ian Wright has slammed the US as World Cup hosts after a Somalian referee was denied entry to the country: "Every few hours it's another story about fans denied, officials denied, players denied, now referees. It's not funny. Most expensive tickets ever, accommodation, transport through the roof. It has to be said. Is this how the hosts behave for the greatest tournament in the world? Is this the spirit of football, really? This is a World Cup of chaos."
Is going to participate but not USA
Most of the matches are played to be played in USA
The way they’re treating most African national teams sef
Yes buh Mexico n Canada still have like matches to played in those countries
Yes...
A Somali referee acclaimed as the best in Africa has been dropped from the World Cup list after benied denied entry to the United States and sent on a flight back to Turkey upon arrival at Miami International Airport. Omar Abdulkadir Artan, , had his travel facilitated by the Somali Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, who said they had granted him a diplomatic passport to help with visa-related issues. He travelled from Kenya and transited through Turkey to Miami, before being sent back. No reason has been given. FIFA had last week confirmed that Artan's visa situation had been 'fully resolved and he will now be available to officiate at the FIFA World Cup'. But on Monday night they released a statement, reading: 'Fifa can confirm that match official Omar Abdulkadir Artan will be unable to train and officiate at the Fifa World Cup after he was denied entry into the United States. 'In line with previous Fifa events, a host government ultimately determines who receives a visa and who is admitted into their country.' Somalia features on President Trump's travel ban list and last month he said 'they're all crooks' of Somali immigrants in America. In January he called the nation 'the worst country in the world'. Artan was named Africa's Best Referee for at the Confederation of African Football (CAF) Awards in November. America has refused to issue visas to some members of Iran's staff for the World Cup. Iran players were able to land in Mexico at the weekend while honoring the school children killed in February's missile strike. The entire squad were pictured disembarking from their plane with pins on their clothing bearing the number , risking the wrath of Trump and America.
I can't blame USA we all know USA is enemy of many country they can't just let anybody in because of world cup. Fifa is at fault for giving them slot to host it because USA can't let you in without proper check because they have too much enemy
There are people or terrorist that will use this opportunity to enter USA to bomb or cause problem we all know
Somali Iran Afghanistan Pakistan Palestine Russia and many more have problem with us and there will be bad among this people that will want to use the world cup opportunity to enter and cause security problem for them
World Cup will go and they will face security issues after world cup because not everyone that enter will want to go back
It is fifa fault that give the slot to USA
They can't take the risk because of world cup you know they value human life especially their citizens not like our oloriburuku government that don't care
Yeah FIFA is at fault bcos they definitely know things like this will happen
Even the African national teams are being treated somehow
🚨 𝗜𝗡𝗖𝗥𝗘𝗗𝗜𝗕𝗟𝗘: During the Mexico-South Africa, the referee was forced to delay the restart after the cooling break because Fox was still showing advertisements. 🤯 The match eventually resumed while the broadcaster was still airing commercials. 🥶 According to reports, the cooling breaks are being used not only for player welfare but also to create additional advertising windows for broadcasters. 😳💰 🗞️
OFFICIAL: Senegalese supporters will 𝐍𝐎𝐓 𝐀𝐓𝐓𝐄𝐍𝐃 the World Cup in the USA after visa applications were denied. 🚫🇸🇳 Senegalese authorities confirmed to AFP that no official supporters' delegation will make the trip.
𝗦𝗛𝗢𝗖𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚 𝗡𝗘𝗪𝗦: Ivory Coast supporters will not be able to travel to the United States for the World Cup. ❌🇨🇮🇺🇸 Fans have reportedly been unable to obtain visas. Around Ivory Coast supporters had hoped to travel and support their national team. 😢 (Source: L'Équipe)
🚨 BREAKING: Jamie Carragher blasts FIFA and Canada over Thomas Partey visa controversy "This is an absolute disgrace from a tournament planning point of view. You spend years building towards a World Cup, qualifying, preparing squads, getting everything right — and then something like this happens days before kickoff. It’s just not acceptable at this level of football." "If Thomas Partey is part of Ghana’s plans and has been cleared to be in the squad, then how does it get to a point where a visa issue knocks him out of the opening game against Panama? That’s not football, that’s administration failure." "I don’t care who is responsible — FIFA, Canada, immigration — someone has to take accountability. You cannot tell fans to invest emotionally in a tournament and then allow situations where key players are missing because paperwork wasn’t sorted in time." "At the very least, these issues should be resolved weeks before the first match. It’s unfair on the player, it’s unfair on Ghana, and it damages the integrity of the competition. This is exactly the kind of chaos that should never happen at a World Cup."
🇧🇦 Jovo Lukić has written his name into Bosnia and Herzegovina history. ⭐ The striker scored Bosnia's first World Cup goal since , ending a -year wait for a goal on football's biggest stage. It was also his first-ever goal for the national team. 👏⚽ Bosnia are playing in only their second World Cup, years after their tournament debut. 🇧🇦✨
JUST IN: 🇧🇷 Neymar will miss the entire group stage of the World Cup 🏆
Brazil have gone full NFL for the World Cup. 🇧🇷🏈 Carlo Ancelotti and Casemiro have introduced American football-style wristbands to help organise set-piece routines. Marquinhos and Gabriel have already been spotted using them, checking instructions straight from their wrists instead of relaying tactics across the pitch. 👀🇧🇷
🚨🔴⚪️ Arsenal make initial approach for Christos Tzolis as potential new winger with contacts started on player/club side. He’s among options considered but not only one, Jeremy Monga remains separate deal for future and advancing. Rogers/Barcola & more remain top targets.
🚨 England have been hit by a major setback after a large amount of team equipment was stolen ahead of their World Cup opener. Players' boots, training gear, coaching staff equipment, balls and match-day uniforms are all understood to be among the missing items. The England camp is now working alongside local police to recover the stolen equipment or secure replacements in time for training to continue as scheduled. 🇺🇸🗣️ Kansas City Police: “Two subjects of interest were taken into custody pending further investigation.” (Source: )
💎 FIFA has introduced a new feature for the World Cup: every player making their tournament debut will wear this special patch on their shirt. 🏆 A unique way to mark one of the biggest moments of a player's career.
🚨🇧🇷 BREAKING: Neymar Jr to miss Brazil vs Morocco opening game but back next week. “Neymar is working very hard to recover as quickly as possible. The expectation is that he will recover and rejoin the group next week”.
🚨 OFFICIAL: Barcelona announce they wre filing a lawsuit against Florentino Pérez. “Barcelona reports that the mandatory request for conciliation has been filed prior to the filing of a complaint for a crime of slander of article of Criminal Code against the President of Real Madrid, Mr. Florentino Pérez, following the statements made by him at the press conference of May and in an interview with a media the following day”. “The objective of this lawsuit is for Mr. Pérez to retract certain statements he made with knowledge of his falsehood and that are slanderous and offensive to the image and reputation of the Club”. “In the event that this demand is not properly attended, FC Barcelona will proceed to the presentation of the corresponding criminal complaint”.
🚨💣 EXCLUSIVE: Real Madrid reach verbal agreement to sign Marc Cucurella from Chelsea , HERE WE GO! Verbal agreement in place between all parties, player too — he’s the left back wanted by Mourinho. Details to follow. Cucurella leaves Chelsea and joins Madrid after World Cup ⚪️🇪🇸 [Fabrizio Romano]
Chelsea team don scatter... Be Expecting Enzo movements to PSG or bayern if Madrid no workout
🚨🚨| NEW: Liverpool have made direct contacts for Ayyoub Bouaddi.
It’s soccer game okay and it’s transfer window season so don’t be surprised… anything can happen.
We know
The team is in shambles
Happen for who? Chelsea
Even as off now no players link to chelsea
Arsenal have been pursuing a move for Ayyoub Bouaddi for a number of months. The Gunners have outlined a key role for the highly-rated -year-old in their long-term plans, and the midfielder is believed to be receptive to the switch. Lille are reportedly valuing Bouaddi at around €M though Arsenal are confident their positive relationship with club president Olivier Létang could prove beneficial during negotiations. (Source: ) PSG and United are all chasing
PSG are prepared to listen to offers for Bradley Barcola this summer after talks over a new contract stalled. 🇫🇷 The -year-old wants greater involvement in the biggest matches, while PSG are unwilling to offer guarantees over his role under Luis Enrique. Barcola still has two years remaining on his deal, but the French champions are open to finding a solution if he decides his future lies elsewhere. 👀 (Source: L'Équipe)
Any clubs… once money is involve 😄
Bro All teams they spend money.... Let put money aside
Eliot nko... Sey money no involve niii m Teams want better for their players
Chelsea are building to sell now We won’t keep any player as long as they bring the right offer
We won’t sign a big name player bcos of the policy of not paying above k wages
Have heard you…
No player collecting k above in chelsea right now
Only Recce James is collecting k
Ohh
They sold off every players that earn above k and started signing young players and be giving them long contracts so that they won’t have to sign new contract anytime soon
Enzo is going also Na why them sign V. Barco
Ok
😳 Mikel Oyarzabal is the FIRST player since to play + minutes in a FIFA World Cup match WITHOUT recording a SINGLE TOUCH of the ball 🇪🇸❌
Cape Verde is the smallest African country to ever qualify for the FIFA World Cup with a population of , people.
Curacao is less down cape varde
k
Curaçao is North America